0. Introduction

000. PURPOSE OF THIS DOCUMENT
000.1. This document summarizes the detailed rules of Duel Masters. everything
Not all players need to be familiar with this, but if you want to know more details,
It is useful when you solve the question that appeared during the actual game.

1. Game Basics

100. What the Game Needs
100.1. Duel Masters is a two-player game.
100.2. Decks are generally built according to the rules of the Hall of Fame Regulations. The deck must be exactly 40 cards, no more or less.
100.2a A deck may have no more than four cards with the same name, unless the text says otherwise.
can only be put in.
100.3 He can use 8 additional cards for the hyperdimensional zone apart from the deck.
100.3a In hyperdimensional zones, unless the text says so, cards with the same name are 4
You can only put up to 1 sheet.
100.4. You may choose to use the Super GR Zone. When using, separate from the deck for super GR zone
As it is, he has 12 additional cards to play with.
100.4a In Super GR, he can only have up to 2 cards with the same name, unless the text says so.
can only be put in.
100.5 Only one set of cards can be in the battle zone at the start of the game.
Examples of cards that can be in the battle zone at the start of the game:
《Forbidden ～The Sealed X～》
《FORBIDDEN STAR～Last Day in the World～》
"Origin of Destruction Zero"
"Forbidden New Year"
101. Absolute Law of Duel Masters
101.1. Card effects beat rules
When card text directly contradicts the rules, the card description takes precedence. (The card is
Ignore only rules that apply to your specific situation. )
101.2. "Can't" effects beat "can" effects
An effect that is "can" and an effect that is "cannot" exist at the same time
, the "impossible" effect takes precedence. In addition, effects that cannot be "ignored"
If there is an effect that says "can", the effect that says "can't" is ignored and loses its effect. however,
Cards beat rules, so "can" effects beat "can't" rules. (Speed Atta
Creatures with ker win the summoning sickness rule and can attack. )
101.3. Do all you can
Even if some of the instructions on the card are unfeasible, do all you can and
is ignored.
101.3a If the triggering of an effect has a condition such as “if you
It doesn't matter what happened as a result of that action.
101.4.The processing of effects always takes precedence over his S Trigger and always starts with the effects of the turn player.
If multiple effects exist at the same time, the S-Trigger effect always takes precedence. Also,
If a turn player effect and a non-turn player effect exist at the same time, the turn player effect
Process the fruit first. After the processing of one effect is completely finished, it moves on to the processing of the other effects.
101.4a If multiple effects occur at the same time, the effect of the S Trigger is first applied to the turn player
processing in order of the green player. Then, of the remaining effects, from the turn player
Resolve the card's effects in any order. Even if another effect occurs while processing one effect,
It will be put on standby once, and priority will be given to the processing of effects that are currently being resolved. After that, the remaining effect
We will process the fruits in the same order as we like. After all effects of the turn player have finished
Then process the non-turn player's effects.
101.4b S-Buck and his G-Strike, Sabaki Z, process with the same timing as S-Trigger.
Again, if multiple effects occur at the same time, the order of turn player non-turn player
to process.
101.4c In the process of resolving the non-turn player's effects, the turn player's effects occur.
If so, the turn player's effect is processed first after the effect being processed is resolved.
101.4d No other effects other than replacement effects may interrupt the processing of an effect. However,
If the effect's instruction says to use another spell or other effect, resolve it as part of the process.
101.4e A battle caused by the effect of an ability or spell is not affected by the ability or spell until the end of the battle.
part of the fruit.
101.4f Abilities that trigger when you battle are instant even if they are put into a battle caused by the effect of an ability or spell.
effective in
101.5. A replacement effect can only be used once per event.
Only one replacement effect can be applied in the same event. Events are events that occur during the game.
It refers to all possible events. If an event has already been replaced, replace more
I can not do it.
101.5a When a replacement effect changes a part of a sentence
No more sentences will be replaced. Even within the same ability, it is expressed as "in that case," etc.
If it is a sentence delimited by another period, it is regarded as a separate event and that part is replaced
It is not treated as existing. The original effect is treated as a single effect, including the replaced part.
I understand
101.5b When multiple replacement effects exist simultaneously, the turn player's
Prioritize replacement effects. If the same player has multiple replacement effects, which replacement effect
You can choose to apply

102. Players
102.1. A player is a person participating in the game. What is a turn player
A player whose turn is currently in progress, a player who is not a non-turn player.
called layers.
102.2. An opponent is the other player other than yourself.

103. How to start the game
103.1. Before the game begins, each player prepares a deck and cards for the game.
At this time, the double-faced card may be removed.
103.2. After that, pass the deck to your opponent, check that it is a 40-card deck, shuffle and cut
I will ask you to A player's deck is hereafter referred to as the deck.
103.3. Now move on to the game start procedure. At this time, if there is an instruction to do something at the start of the game,
follow them. After that, each player deploys his 5 cards from the top of the deck face down as a shield
Then, draw 5 cards to make your hand.
103.4. Next, decide who goes first. Rock-paper-scissors are played, and the winner goes first.
(You cannot choose to attack second.)
103.5. The first player's turn begins. (The player who goes first has no first draw.
yeah)

104. Victory Conditions
104.1. The game ends immediately if any player wins or loses. .
104.2. The conditions for winning the game are as follows.
104.2a If you attack an opponent with a creature and don't redirect the attack, the opponent's shield
but he wins the game immediately if he has 0 cards.
104.2b When an opponent's deck reaches his 0-card state, the game is instantly won. (In the middle of the effect
If there are no cards in the deck even for a moment, the deck is considered to be 0 for him. )
104.2c You may win or lose due to card effects. win by these
You win if you meet the conditions and defeat conditions at the same time.

105. Phase
105.1. Duel Masters cards have phases. Untuck the card in portrait orientation
The tapped state and the sideways state are called the tapped state.
105.2. Untapping indicates that the state is ready for use. Normally tapped cards
Untap all at the beginning of the turn.
105.3. The tap state indicates that it has been used. Creature attacks or mana zone
Tap the card when paying a cost from a player.
105.4. Card phases cannot be changed at will.
105.4a You can only tap creatures and tamaseeds in the battle zone and cards in your mana zone.
You can You cannot change the phase of cards in other zones.
105.5. There is an upside-down phase in the field. Cards in this state
It will not return to the normal position due to the effect of the pop.
105.6. Making a tapped card more tapped, or making an untapped card
It cannot be further untapped. (Tap the creature you are tapping.
It is possible to select it with its ability or effect, but this does not mean that it is in that state.)
106. Civilization
106.1. There are five civilizations in Duel Masters: Light, Water, Darkness, Fire, and Nature.
exists.
106.2 A card usually has one or more of his five civilizations above. card
The civilization you have refers to things like mana symbol colors, card type background colors and frame colors.
106.2a Mono-civilization cards have only one of the five civilizations.
106.2b A multi-civilization card has two or more of the five civilizations and is called a multi-colored card.
106.2c Cards without civilization are called colorless cards.
106.2d Each civilization has its own color. Light is yellow, water is blue, darkness is black (or purple), fire is red,
Nature is green. Also, colorless cards are represented in white.
106.3. If a player chooses a civilization as directed by a card, he or she must choose one of the five civilizations listed above.
yeah. You cannot choose colorless.
106.4. Some effects add civilizations to cards.

107. Mana
107.1. Mana is the basic resource of Duel Masters. Players use mana
Pay the cost to summon a creature or cast a spell.
107.2. Mana can be obtained by tapping a card placed in the mana zone to obtain the value written on the mana symbol.
number of times (usually 1). Mana is one of the civilizations that the tapped card has
hold.

108. Numbers
108.1. Duel Masters games generally use only whole numbers.
108.1a When choosing a number for an effect, you cannot choose a negative number.
108.1b Creatures can have negative power due to negative modifiers. just
and treat it as 0 when referring to the creature's power. For example, if the power
-6000, even if you choose a creature in the battle zone with the Hell Scrapper,
Reacher's power total cannot be chosen so that he is 11000.
108.1c In Duel Masters, ∞ is a number that cannot be chosen higher than ∞.
be treated as If a creature with ∞ power receives a power modifier, the power remains ∞.
However, it will be destroyed when its power is reduced to minus ∞.
108.2. When numbers are incremented or decremented in a game of Duel Masters, addition, subtraction, multiplication, division
order.

109. Cards
109.1. If the text on a card is written differently in different versions, as a general rule the card is currently released.
The most recent card notation listed is correct.
109.2. Whenever a rule or text refers to a card, it refers to a Duel Masters card.
Masu.
109.2a When choosing a card for an ability or effect, only the card itself is chosen. multiple sheets
Even if it is an evolution creature or a shield plus a shield that consists of cards of
Only cards that have been affected are directly affected.
109.2b Some cards in a multi-card creature will leave the battle zone.
Depending on the state at that time, it may or may not leave the battle zone as a creature.
I will. If it is an evolution creature, the top card leaves the battle zone as a creature.
However, the underlying card simply leaves the battle zone as a card. Linked gods
Leaves the battle zone as a reacher and psychic-linked creatures for psychic
Leaves the battle zone as Kuk Cell.
109.2c Effects and abilities of creatures made up of multiple cards are included
Applies to all cards that appear as -. Dragheart and cross gear are creatures
Auras, magic tools, etc. that are not included in the constituent cards of the creature and are overlapping the creature
Included in the configuration card of the char.
Example: If you give a linked god some ability, all linked gods
Abilities apply.
Example: Removing 《Unshura Dejiru Centipede》 attached to 《Will of the White Emperor, Mine》 with the effect of choosing a card.
You can select 《Unshura Dejiru Centipede》 and remove it.

110. Abilities and Effects
110.1. An ability is a characteristic of a card that allows the card to affect the game.
It is. A card's abilities are defined by its rules text. Abilities are determined by rules and effects.
It can also be given to a card. (Inflicted by effects that say "have" or "get")
Abilities produce effects.
110.2. Abilities can affect themselves, other cards, or players.
may also be given.
110.2a Abilities are not only beneficial, they are also detrimental.
Example: The sentence "This creature can't attack" is an ability.
110.2b The conditions for using a card are its abilities.
110.2c A single card may have multiple abilities. Each paragraph starting with ■ in the text on the card
Represents a separate ability. Cards can also be empowered by spells or other effects.
Masu. If one card has multiple of the same ability, they work independently. to this
Thus, it may or may not produce more effects than just one ability.
110.2d Abilities produce one or more single-shot or continuous effects. in continuous effect
also includes replacement effects.
110.2e When an ability produces an effect that affects a card, it
will only affect cards within the range affected by . In the same turn, after that effect, range and
Cards that have been moved to a zone that has become unaffected by this effect.
110.3. Abilities are divided into four main categories.
110.3a Spell Abilities
Instructions that are processed between casting a spell and resolving it. Spell rules text is spell ability
Power.
110.3b Triggered Abilities
It usually has a trigger condition that starts with "~ time", "~ case", "~ time", etc. The effect once induced is
Until it is processed, it will be in a standby state and wait for resolution. Triggered abilities by spells or other effects
Triggered abilities that are granted are called delayed triggered abilities.
110.3c Activated Abilities
An activated ability triggers at a certain timing, and if the required conditions are met, you choose to activate it.
It is the ability to do something. In principle, it cannot be started at any timing.
yeah.
110.3d Static abilities
Creatures, cross gears, weapons, fortresses, heartbeats and fields, auras, rituals,
While Nebula is in the battle zone, or a creature with Castle or Shield Go is in Shield Zone.
It creates a continuous effect that works all the time while it's on.
110.4. Spell abilities are basically spell abilities while cards are in the battle zone or
Only works while in the shield zone. However, there are some exceptions listed below.
110.4a A characteristic-defining ability defines a characteristic (cost, civilization, power, etc.) for the card itself.
ability to Abilities that increase or decrease the value of traits, such as power attackers and sympathies, fall into this category.
I don't agree. This ability works everywhere, even outside the game.
Example: 《Rainbow Speed The Verde》, 《Super God Dragon Variant Bades》
110.4b Abilities that say which zone works only work in that zone.
Example: Mana Explosion, Burning Dron Go
110.4c Abilities that don't say which zone they work only work in the battle zone. Ta
However, the card itself is in the shield zone regarding the ability to acquire "S Trigger".
also works when
110.4d A card's ability to allow play without a zone designation and without paying a mana cost.
Power works in any zone the card can be used in.
Example: Ninja Strike can be summoned from the mana zone,
can be used from
110.4e Abilities of a card itself that restrict or modify the use of that card
It works while the card is in the zone (usually your hand) that it is about to be used.
Example: Sympathy
110.4f State-defining effects cause a card to change its state when put into a zone. These
Like the replacement effect, it interrupts and processes the effect, but it is not treated as a replacement effect, and multiple effects can be used at the same time.
If present, they all apply. A replacement effect actually puts a card in that zone.
If not placed, state definition effects do nothing.
Examples: 《Eternal Ryusei Kaiser》, 《Binding Shadow Bind Shadow》, 《The Extrasensory Holy
Dog”, 《Immortal Spirit Perfect Galaxy》
110.4g A triggered ability with a trigger condition that can only be triggered while in a zone other than the battle zone
works while in the inducible zone of
Example: 《Black God Dragon Ghoul Generation Raid》
110.5. The source of an effect is the card with the ability that generated it. Trigger effects that are on standby
A source is a card with a triggered ability.
110.5a Once triggered, an effect becomes a standby effect independent of its source. the
After that, even if the card with the ability that is the source of that effect moves to another zone, the effect will disappear.
There is no However, some effects don't do something directly, rather the effect
Note that it does something to the source of the . Source already existed at the time of checking
Even if it's not in the zone, the source will take care of it.
Example: The total power of your opponent's creatures is less than or equal to the power of the creature from which the effect originated.
, if the source creature is no longer in the battle zone,
Refers to the power just before the card leaves the battle zone.
110.6. Effects that define a card's characteristics are separate from abilities that are granted by effects. by the effect
If a card's trait is defined as , it doesn't get an ability.
Example: Civilization is a trait, so the effect of adding civilization does not grant an ability.
110.7. Some abilities have effects even if they have more than one of the same ability.
Examples: Slayer, Power Attacker, Sympathy, etc.

111. Timing
111.1. When any action is taken, the turn player's action always takes precedence.
111.2. Processing may be performed automatically by the rules of the game or by the player.
will be
111.2a Triggered abilities can be triggered even while the card is in use or while the effect is resolving.
trigger at any time. The effect will be put on standby the moment it is triggered.
111.2b Static abilities affect the game continuously.
111.2c Turn-based actions occur automatically when a particular step begins or ends.
live.
Example: untap, draw, etc.
111.2d State-based actions occur automatically when certain conditions are met. This is the resolution of the ability
Even if it is inside, it will be processed with priority.
Examples: Achievement of victory/defeat conditions, destruction of creatures with power 0 or less, etc.

112. Cost
112.1. Cards have a mana cost to use them.
112.2. Mana cost indicates the amount of mana that must be paid to use a card. So
This includes any civilization payments the card has.
112.2a When paying a mana cost, tap to fill all the same civilizations indicated by the mana cost.
pop up.
When using a card, first fill the mana zone with all civilizations included in the mana cost.
Tap one card per civilization. In addition, written on the mana symbol of the card in the mana zone
Pay for the shortfall by tapping cards in the mana zone so that the sum of the numbers obtained is the same as the cost.
pay.
Example: To pay the cost of a multicolored card with a mana cost of 7 with Fire, Darkness, and Nature civilizations, Manazo
1 card with fire civilization, 1 card with dark civilization, and 1 card with nature civilization
Tap one at a time, then tap the missing pieces to bring the total mana value to 7.
Even if you tap a multicolored card that has all fire, darkness and nature in one card, it will fill all civilizations.
Instead, it is treated as a civilization of either Fire, Darkness, or Nature.
112.2b Effects may increase or decrease the actual mana cost a player pays. mana
Prioritize paying civilizations if the cost is less than the number of civilizations needed due to cost reduction effects
To do. At this time, excess mana disappears at the end of payment.
Example: 《Star Dragon Perfect Earth》 with 《Cocco Lupia》 and cost 3 is Civilization
You can tap 5 cards in your mana zone to pay for .
112.2c Extra tap cards in the mana zone if civilizations and costs have been properly paid
you can't.
112.2d Mana costs paid for O drives are treated as additional costs.
112.3. There are some abilities that allow you to use a card without paying its mana cost.
Also, abilities that are used at specific timings require a use declaration.
112.3a S Trigger, when a shield is added to the hand by a break etc., puts that card into the opponent's hand.
By showing it in your hand and declaring it, you can immediately use it without paying the cost. Multiple S. birds
If a card with gar is added to your hand from your shield, show your opponent the card you are using.
make a declaration. Those cards are put on standby once in your hand, and then processed as normal.
will be In the case of spells, his S Trigger ability is until the spell's effect is resolved, but creatures
Summoning is his S-Trigger ability. Effects triggered by entering the battle zone
are treated as separate events. This expands the cross gear generation and field
The same is true for things.

112.3b S. Buck, while in a zone where cards with this ability can be used (usually his hand),
When the specified card is added to the hand from the shield, discard that card and declare by doing,
You can use it immediately without paying the cost. A card with an S-back and a designated card
If it is added to the hand at the same time from the shield, the card of his S. Buck must not be in the hand.
Therefore, S.Buck's ability cannot be used. S・Buck's ability is similar to his S・Trigger,
In the case of spells, until the effect of the spell is resolved, her S-Buck ability will be, but the creature can be summoned.
This is the S-back ability. The effect triggered by entering the battle zone is a separate event.
treated as This is the same for cross gear generation and field development.
righteousness.
112.3c Ninja Strike is a non-target attack after the turn player's creatures attack.
The non-turn player's action timing, or if the non-turn player's creature blocks
At the processing timing of the turn player after the
Ability to summon without paying the cost of the creature. A tag that declares the use of an ability
Even if the number of mana zones specified by timing is not met, the mana zone
You can summon without paying the cost if the number of cards is filled.
112.3d Sabaki Z, while in a zone where cards with this ability can be used (usually the hand),
When a card with this crest is added to your hand from your shield, you can discard that card and declare it.
, you can use it immediately without paying the cost. Card with Sabaki Z and Crest of Judgment
Even if the card you have is added to your hand from the shield at the same time, you will have the Crest of Judgment added to your hand.
By discarding one card, you can use the ability of Sabaki Z. Sabaki Z's ability is also S・T
Similar to Rigger, in the case of spells, Sabaki Z's ability is until the spell's effect is resolved, but Creech
Sabaki Z's ability is to summon jars.
112.3e G.Zero can summon a creature or spell without paying its cost under the specified conditions.
It is the ability to chant.
112.3f Attack Chance may be cast without paying the spell's cost under the specified conditions.
It's a good ability.
112.3g Even if you use an effect that says, "You may use it without paying the cost,"
Since the act of calling, chanting, or generating itself has been executed,
So abilities that trigger will trigger.
112.4. Cards placed in hyperdimensional zones and hyper GR also have mana costs, but have no special effects.
As long as you can't pay mana to use these cards.

113. Shield
113.1. Shields are placed face down in the shield zone. Each player's game start sequence
Rudo's number is his five.
113.2 Normally, his shield consists of one card, but effects such as Shield Plus can make multiple
cards may be piled up. When counting shields, stack cards
he counts as one shield. When counting the number of cards in the shield zone, count
Count the number of each card in your shield zone, including each card that is .
113.2a When rearranging shields by effect, each shield to which cards are redistributed is
is remembered. For example, if her 3rd shield from the right is from his 3 cards before sorting.
If so, redistribute that shield so that he has 3 cards. castle and shield four
Cards that refer to shields, such as shields, must refer to shields that have been redistributed where they originally were.
I will.
113.3. Some effects may increase or decrease the number of shields.
113.4. A shield can be fortified by a castle.
113.5. Shields are broken by creature attacks and abilities.

114. Drawing Cards
114.1. When a player draws a card, he or she puts the top card of his deck into his hand.
It means to put This is done during each player's draw step as a turn-based action.
will be It can also be done as an effect of a spell or ability.
114.2.He can only draw one card at a time. Instruct to draw multiple cards
If so, that player repeats drawing a card that number of times.
114.2a If an effect causes multiple players to draw cards, first the turn player draws the specified number of cards.
Draw a card, then the non-turn player draws a card.
114.3. If an effect moves a card from a player's deck to that player's hand without using the word "draw".
When moving a card, that player does not draw that card. This is
It means that it cannot be the target of abilities that trigger on drawing a card or effects that replace drawing a card.
Taste
114.4. There are effects that replace drawing cards.
114.4a If an effect replaces him in one of multiple card draws, the replacement effect replaces the next one.
Fully processed before drawing.
Example: "Emissary from Sunday, Maetel", "When you draw 1 card, 2 instead of 1
You may draw and discard a card from your hand. ” is the effect of drawing multiple cards.
occurs for If you use 《Emergency Typhoon》 in this situation,
Applying the effect of Maetel, the messenger from Sunday, he draws two cards and discards one, then the next
Similarly, apply the effect of 《Emissary from Sunday, Maetel》 to draw 2 cards and discard 1 card.
Masu. After that, perform the process of discarding one of his cards as instructed by 《Emergency Typhoon》.
Masu.
114.4b After a card is drawn, there are effects that do something additional to that card.
If drawing a card is replaced and no card is drawn as a result, no further action is taken.
I can't break it.
114.5 Resolve any effects that trigger when you draw a card. Then add
please.
114.6 Players may use turn-based actions, spells, and abilities during the draw step even when there are no cards in their deck.
You can try to draw a card with a force effect. However, if there is no card to draw in the deck,
usually do nothing.
114.6a Attempting to draw a card when there are no cards in the deck does not satisfy the trigger condition. For example,
Abilities that say "When you draw a card" will not trigger. Also, since you haven't actually drawn a card,
Cards drawn on a turn cannot be counted as "cards drawn on a turn" and draw cards to pay costs.
You can't even try. However, if there is an effect that replaces drawing a card,
It can also be applied if you try to draw a card when there are no cards in the deck.

115. Battle
115.1. Comparing the power of creatures is called a battle.
115.1a Battles are caused by creature attacks, abilities and effects.
115.2. When a battle starts, the abilities triggered by it trigger first. The induced effect is
processing in order from the green player.
115.3. Compare the power of both creatures.
115.3a Either creature was destroyed, removed from combat, etc. at this point.
If so, no battle will take place. Compare powers only when both creatures are in the battle zone.
I will eat.
115.3b The creature with the higher power wins the battle and the creature with the lower power wins the battle.
lose to If both have the same power, both lose the battle. Ku who lost the battle
The reacher is destroyed and placed in the graveyard. This is situational processing.
115.3c Creatures with the ability to win battles win battles regardless of their power,
Creature loses the battle. If both sides have the ability to win the battle, battle each other.
No creature wins the game and loses the battle.
115.3d After that, abilities triggered by the result of the battle trigger. The effect that triggered
Process from layer to layer.

116. Seal
116.1. Seals are placed face down on cards in the battle zone.
  116.1a To seal, place the top card of the owner's deck face down on the card.
move it up.
  116.1b It is possible to place multiple seals on a card at the same time.
116.2. Sealed creatures are ignored.
  116.2a Ignored creatures are treated as not in the battle zone. It can be an attack or a
Can't be locked, can't perform any abilities, can't be picked, can't tap
does not pop up.
116.3. Seals exist in the battle zone.
  116.3a If an effect chooses a card in the battle zone, you may choose Seal.
116.4. The seal is removed when the command enters the battle zone.
  116.4a When a command is put into the battle zone, it belongs to the same civilization as the command.
Place one seal from the card with a seal on it into the graveyard. which card to seal
It is optional to remove it, but you cannot choose not to remove it.
  116.4b Even if a creature with a seal is ignored, its civilization is considered when removing the seal.
Masu. This is a situational action.

117. Hyperdimensional Zone
117.1. Psychic and Dragheart placed in a zone other than the battle zone, rule plus
is placed in the hyperdimensional zone.
117.2. A single weapon in the battle zone is placed in the hyperdimensional zone.

118. Super GR Zone
118.1. GR creatures placed in zones other than the battle zone are placed under super GR.
118.2. Only GR creatures can exist in Super GR. When a normal card is placed in Super GR
is placed in the graveyard.
2. How to read cards

200. General
200.1. Cards contain information that is necessary during the game and information that does not make sense during the game.
200.2. Some parts of cards are also characteristics (things that are referenced in the game and make sense). Characteristic
refers to civilization, cost, card name, race, card type, and power.
200.3 Characteristics may be ignored.
200.3a A card placed below a card by evolution or otherwise has its characteristics ignored during the normal game.
I'm here. However, when specifying cards, traits are referenced. When specifying something other than a card
is not referenced.
Example: A water creature evolved over a creature with light and water civilization is a water creature
Yes, power and race are unaffected by the cards below. However, "Ravage of the Tech-Team Go! "of
When affected, the lower card also refers to the cost and
If it is positive, it will take effect.
Example: 《Manjitsuki, Ga Luzark, Swastika》’s Gate of No Moon, Zetsu wa Ma
Since it refers to guides, 《Swastika de suzaku swastika》
Cards under are not visible.
200.3b Seal properties cannot be determined. Seal the card finger
If a card has a cost of 0 and has no other characteristics,
and treat it as
200.3C When card-designating a double-faced card,
Browse to the face you are on.

201. Cost
201.1. Cost is a characteristic of a card. It is usually indicated by the number printed in the upper left corner of the card.
Masu.
201.1a A card's mana cost number is the amount of mana you must pay to use that card.
represents
201.1b Psychics and Draghearts have a mana cost, but unless they have special effects,
It cannot be summoned by paying mana from the zone.
201.2. When referring to a card's cost, refer to its numerical value.
201.2a Even if an effect changes the cost of using a card,
When referring to the cost of the card, refer to the cost originally written on the card.
Example: Even if you have a 《Cocco Lupia》, if you have a 《Bolshack NEX》 in the battle zone,
The cost is 6, and it can be destroyed by the effect of 《Hyperdimension Musha Hall》, which destroys items with a cost of 4 or less.
Not destroyed.
Like 201.2b Twinpact he has cards with two costs. A card with two costs
If a card's cost is referenced by an effect or ability, the player using that effect or ability
You only see the cost of whichever you prefer.
Example: The player who cast 《7777777》 casts a face-up twin impact card from the top of the opponent's deck.
If you choose a card, choose the cost referred to by the player who cast 《7777777》.
In 201.2c Gachinko Judge, like Twinpact, if he shows a card with two costs,
Determines the cost seen by the player who reveals the ability, not the player who uses it.
This is an exception to 201.2b.
202. Card Name
202.1. A card name is a characteristic of a card. It is usually written in the top center of the card.
202.2 If an effect causes a player to "name a card," that player actually
You must choose a card name that exists. Existence of variations with the same card name part
If the card does, it must be declared with it. (However, in actual gameplay
It can be called by any name that both players can recognize. )
202.3. There are cards that refer to part of the card name. In that case, the specified name is the card name
refers to everything contained in
Example: Bolshak NEX refers to all cards with the word "rupiah" in their name.
vinegar. Words that are separated in the middle, such as "Purple Earrings", are regarded as matching words.
not.
202.3a When referring to a card name, refer to an exact match, including ruby.
202.4. There are cards that add other card names in addition to the original card names. on the spot
If so, the card will have two card names at the same time.
202.5. When a god is linked, that god may change the card names of all linked cards to
hold.
Example: “Linked 《Dragon King Heavy》 and 《Dragon King Metal》” and “Linked 《Dragon King Metal》” in the battle zone.
"Heavy" and "Death, God of Destruction" at the same time, both of these linked gods
It's called Heavy. If you use Tomb of Angels and Demons in this situation, both
Since it is a creature with "Dragon God Heavy" in its name, it will be destroyed.

203. Race
203.1. Race is an attribute of a card. It is usually printed just below the card name.
203.2. Some effects refer to races or parts thereof. In that case, the specified name
Refers to everything contained in the family.
Example: An effect that specifies "Dragon" refers to all cards with "Dragon" in their Type.
203.3. Some effects add races.
203.4. When choosing a race for an effect, you cannot choose a part of a race or a race that does not exist.
Example: "Cyber" is a race that does not exist by itself and cannot be selected.

204. Card Type
204.1. A card type is a characteristic that a card has. It is usually printed just below the illustration.
204.2. Card types include "Creature", "Spell", "Cross Gear", "Castle", "Cell",
"Weapon", "Fortress", "Beat", "Field", "Core", "Aura", "Ceremony",
There are "nebula", "artifact", "land", "rule plus" and "tama seed".
204.3. Cards may have special types. They are written just before the card type.
vinegar. Special types include "Evolution", "Psychic", "Psychic Super", "Exile",
There are "Drag Heart", "Forbidden", "D2", "NEO", "GR", "Star Evolution", etc.
vinegar.
204.3a "Creatures" are "Evolution", "Psychic", "Psychic Super", and "Exa
Ill", "Dragheart", "Forbidden", "NEO", "GR", "Star Evolution", etc.
You can take it to the ip.
204.3b A Heartbeat can have Forbidden as a supertype.
204.3c “Field” can have special types such as “D2” and “Final Forbidden”.

205. Text Box
205.1. The text box is on the bottom half of the card. This is often the card's
It has rules text that defines the ability.
205.1a For keyword abilities, the keyword may precede the text. the text
When referencing, the keyword part is skipped and not referenced.
Example: When you have your own 《Black Bean Dancing / White Rice Dancing》 in the battle zone, your opponent's Justda
When a creature with Ivar enters the battle zone, that creature is put into the mana zone.
Masu.
205.2. Text boxes may contain text that has no meaning in the game.
205.2a Reminder text is parenthesized text that summarizes the rules that apply to the card. through
It is usually written on the same line as the corresponding ability, but if it's an annotation for the whole card instead of an ability, it's separate
It may also be written on the line that was written.
205.2b Flavor text makes no sense in-game.
205.3. Symbols behind text boxes have no special meaning in the game.

206. Power
206.1. Power is a characteristic of a card. The number usually printed on the lower left corner of the creature card
Letters represent power. Power can be modified or changed to a value by an effect.
and
206.2. Some creature cards may have a "+" or "-" after their power.
Masu. This indicates that the creature's power fluctuates depending on its own abilities.
206.2a These creatures are subject to the "+" and "-" modifiers outside of the battle zone.
is treated as having the power of the previous number.
206.3. Some cards have effects that fix a creature's power. this effect is applied
No other effect can change this number for as long as the individual creature's state
The power remains fixed as is changed.
Example: In a situation where the power of all creatures in the battle zone is fixed at 500, he
of creatures linked, rather than combining their powers, the linked creature's
Power is fixed at 500.
206.4. Some cards have effects that double a creature's power. This effect is also
after applying a power increase or decrease.
Example: You have a creature with 3000 power that simultaneously has +2000 power and a double power effect.
, first 3000+2000 gives 5000, then doubles again to have 10000 power.

207. Mana Symbol
207.1. With the exception of Psychic and Dragheart, and some Forbidden cards, the mana symbol and number
letters are written. The mana symbol represents the civilization of the card, and the number on the mana symbol is Manazo.
It represents the amount of mana you can tap to produce while in the green.
207.2. Effects may change the number on mana symbols.
207.3. Mana symbols on colorless cards do not represent civilizations.

208. Other Information Groups
208.1. In addition, cards contain information that does not make sense during a normal game.
208.1a Illustrations, illustrator names, rarity symbols, expansion symbols,
kissing code, block symbol, rights notation, collector number, frame, frame, tab
, icons, etc. usually do not directly affect the game, but they have some effect.
may be referenced by
Examples: Soul Icon, H.C. Icon, Victory Icon, etc.
3. Card type

300. General
300.1. Card types include "Creature", "Spell", "Cross Gear", "Castle", "Cell",
"Weapon", "Fortress", "Beat", "Field", "Core", "Aura", "Ceremony",
There are "nebula", "artifact", "land", "rule plus" and "tama seed".

301. Creature
301.1. The turn player summons creatures from his hand during his main step.
I can.
301.2. Creatures enter the battle zone when summoned.
301.3. Power is a characteristic that only creatures have.
301.3a A creature's power represents its strength in battle.
301.3b To determine a creature's power, calculate from the value printed in the lower left corner of the card.
to apply various continuous effects.
301.4. Creatures can attack.
301.5. Creatures cannot be played unless that card has been in the battle zone continuously since the beginning of their turn.
cannot attack. This rule is called "summoning sickness".

302. Spell
302.1. The turn player may cast spells from their hand during their main step.
302.2. Once a spell is cast, perform the actions in the rules text in the order written, then
It will be placed in the graveyard later.
302.3. Spells never exist in the battle zone by themselves. If illegal, put it in the graveyard.
Masu.

303. Cross Gear
303.1. The turn player generates a cross gear from his hand during his main step.
You can
303.2. Cross gears go into the battle zone after being generated.
303.3. Cross gears can cross creatures. on a noncreature card
cannot be crossed.
303.3a A creature with a cross gear is called a “crossed creature”.
will be revealed. A cross gear will "cross" a creature.
303.3b To cross a cross gear to a creature, pay its mana cost again. child
is an activated ability that can normally only be used during the main step.
303.3c Cross gear may be crossed to creatures by spells or other abilities.
303.3d A cross gear's phase does not depend on the state of the creature it crosses.
303.4. A cross gear that has already been crossed by a creature cannot be crossed by another creature.
Loss can be redone.
303.4a A cross gear cannot be crossed back to the creature that crossed it.
plug.
303.5. A crossed gear remains in the battle zone even if the crossed creature leaves the battle zone.
remain.

304. Castle
304.1 The turn player may fortify a castle from his hand on his main step.
vinegar.
304.2. A castle enters the shield zone andIt is fortified by attaching it to the root.
304.2a A shield attached to a castle is said to be “fortified” and the castle is
Do is said to be "fortified".
304.3. If a fortified shield leaves the shield zone, the shield's S.T.
Put the castle into the graveyard after the gar ability resolves.

305. Weapon
305.1. Currently, the only existing weapon is the Dragheart Weapon.
You can only put it into the battle zone with the effect that puts it into the battle zone.
305.2. Weapons can be equipped on creatures.
305.2a A weapon's phase does not depend on the equipped creature's state.
305.3. Weapons cannot exist in the battle zone by themselves.

306. Fortress
306.1. Currently the only fortress that exists is Dragheart Fortress, and Dragheart is
It can only be put into the battle zone with the effect of putting it into Luzone.
306.2. A fortress can exist alone in the battle zone.
306.3. A Fortress' normal position (untapped) is sideways.

307. Heartbeat
307.1. Heartbeat is one side of the double-faced card "Forbidden" that can be put into the deck.
307.2. Some heartbeats are placed in designated positions at the beginning of the game.

308. Field
308.1. The turn player may expand the field from his hand during his main step.
can.
308.2. A field goes into the battle zone after being deployed.
308.3. The upright position (untapped state) of the field is sideways. "D switch" is already used
treats upside down as untapped.
308.4. Some fields are placed in designated positions at the start of the game.

309. Core
309.1. Currently there are only Forbidden Cores, the final Forbidden Field is flipped over, and 1 creature
can only be placed in the battle zone by combining them as
309.2. Cores cannot be put into the battle zone by themselves.
309.3. The normal position (untapped state) of the core is vertical. There are also upside down ones.
309.4. The core moves to the location specified as a card.
309.5. Cores can be put into the mana zone on either side. both produce mana
I can't do anything. It is possible to tap as a card of that civilization.
309.6. Cores may be stacked under creatures.
309.7. Cores cannot exist alone in the battle zone, and are immediately put into the graveyard when alone.
will be killed.

310. Aura
310.1. The turn player can use Auras from their hand during their main step.
310.2. After using an aura, attach it to a GR creature, or perform a GR summon to create a GR creature.
Put it into the battle zone and attach it to it.
310.2a After using an aura, the target GR creature must leave the battle zone before attaching it.
If left, the aura will not enter the battle zone and will remain in the zone it was in when it was used.
Example: Using an aura from your hand, GR summoned "Yattare Robo" is "Grim Fang, Paranoma".
If it is destroyed by the static ability of RU, the Aura will not enter the battle zone and will remain in your hand.
310.3. The normal position (untapped state) of an aura is sideways.
310.4. The number written on the bottom left of the aura is not power. Auras are attached to creatures.
Increases the attached creature's power by that amount while attached.
310.5. Auras cannot exist alone in the battle zone. If it is illegal, it will be put into the graveyard.
310.6. When attaching an aura to a GR creature that already has an aura attached,
add on top of
310.7. Suppose a GR creature with an aura evolves and ceases to be a GR creature.
However, the aura remains attached to the creature in the battle zone, and the aura's powers and abilities remain the same.
creatures.
310.7a At this time, the evolution creature is placed directly below the aura, with the aura on top and the evolution creature on top.
It overlaps in the order of char and GR creature.
310.8. If a creature with an aura moves from the battle zone to another zone,
The aura that was in it also moves to the destination zone.
310.8a Auras are unaffected by effects that move creatures and are
placed in the state
Example: If a creature with an aura is chosen by 《Soul Piercing Kirusei no Shosai Z》,
The aura is placed in the owner's shield zone as a new shield face down.
Example: If a creature with an aura is chosen with the ability of "Natura Scorpion",
The attached aura is put into the owner's mana zone untapped.
310.8b A creature with an aura is put under another card in the battle zone.
Aura attached to a card is also placed under that card. At this time, auras and creatures
are placed under the cards in any order the owner likes.

311. Orbit, Nebula
311.1. Currently the only ritual that exists is the Reiryu no Gi, and the only currently existing nebula is the Reiryu Nebula.
311.2. There are some Reiryu no Gi and Reiryu Nebula that are placed in designated positions at the start of the game.
311.3. Reiryu no Gi and Reiryu Nebula cannot be put into the battle zone by themselves.

312. Artifact
312.1 The turn player may use his Artifact from his hand for his main step.
Masu.
311.2. Once an artifact is used, it goes into the battle zone.

313. Land
313.1. Lands cannot be put into the battle zone in the normal way and cannot be used.
313.2. Some lands have effects while they are in the mana zone.
313.3. A land cannot be in the battle zone and was somehow put into the battle zone.
If so, it is immediately put into the graveyard.

314. Rule Plus
314.1. Rule Plus is placed in the hyperdimensional zone at the beginning of the game.
314.2. Rule Plus cannot be put into the battle zone in the normal way.
314.3. Rule Plus takes effect when the game is started by placing it in the hyperdimensional zone.
Add additional rules to the system.
314.3a The number of cards in the game may change due to rule-plus effects in the game.
If you change the number of cards, prepare enough cards to meet the number of cards used after the change before starting the game.
you must.
Example: If you want to start the game with one 《13th Plan》 in the hyperdimensional zone,
Just he should have a deck of 45 cards ready.
314.4. Rule Plus cannot exist in the battle zone, and cannot be in the battle zone in any way.
, it will immediately return to the Hyperdimensional Zone via the Graveyard.

315. Tamashed
315.1. The turn player may use a tama seed from his hand during his main step.
Masu.
315.2. Once you use a tama seed, it goes into the battle zone.

316. Element
316.1. Elements can be put into the battle zone face up, such as creatures and tamaseeds.
A general term for card types that can be used.
316.2. Card types that cannot be put into the battle zone by themselves, such as spells, castles, and cores, are considered element cards.
not included in
316.3. Effects that specify elements are not effects that specify cards. Therefore, multiple
If you specify an element consisting of 1 card, all the cards that make up that element
is affected.
Example: If you choose an evolution creature with the effect "choose an element and destroy it",
Destroy the Reacher", just like when you select it with the effect, put the evolution source card into the Graveyard as well.
will be

4. Zone

400. General
400.1. Zones are places where cards can exist during a game. Usually, "Draw", "Hand", "Battle"
Zone, Graveyard, Mana Zone, Shield Zone, Hyperdimensional Zone, and Super GR Zone.
zone exists. The battle zone is shared between players, but other zones are playable.
It exists per year and is not shared.
400.2. All zones are divided into public and private zones.
400.2a A public zone is a zone where all players can see the cards that are not face down.
is n. The battle zone, mana zone, graveyard, and hyperdimensional zone are public zones.
400.2b A closed zone means that not all players can see the face of the cards.
It means zone. The shield, deck, hand and super GR zone are closed zones. in that zone
Even if a card's faces are all revealed, the zone itself remains private.
400.2c If an effect causes each player to choose a card from a hidden zone, that card is chosen.
It is still face down at the moment. However, it must be clearly indicated which card was chosen.
Don't.
400.2d If you use an ability that refers to a card in a hidden zone and it doesn't refer to it, your opponent
No need to show the private zone to check.
Example: When you use the ability of 《“Sure Victory” Kaiser “Blade Demon”》 to summon 5 hunters,
You do not have to show your hand if there are no hunters.
400.2e Cards added to a hidden zone remain hidden unless otherwise specified.
Masu.
400.3. Depending on the card type, there are zones that cannot be entered.
400.4. The order of cards in the shield zone and deck is in order unless specified by an effect or rule.
It cannot be replaced. Cards in other zones can be changed as the player wishes.
You can sort. However, whether you are tapping or not, the card attached to it is
Something must remain clear to all players.
400.5. When a card is moved from one zone to another, the new addition to that zone
and does not continue the previous zone state.
400.5a A card that has been moved from a public zone to a private zone can no longer be viewed.
400.5b If you move a tapped card in your mana zone into the battle zone, it becomes untapped.
Go out to the battle zone in a pu state.
400.6. Effects that cause a player to do something to a zone ("Add cards from your hand to your
and shuffle”) exist. The action works on all cards in that zone.
but the zone itself is not affected.
400.7. When multiple cards move to any zone other than the battle zone, they all move at the same time.
move in time.
400.8. When an effect is processed that spans multiple zones, if the target moves to a zone not designated by the effect
If so, no further processing is done.

401. Deck
401.1. At the beginning of the game, each player's deck becomes a deck.
401.2. Each deck must be a single, face-down pile. Players
Do not peek at the code or change its order.
401.2a When an effect searches the deck for a card, you are instructed to shuffle it afterwards.
Do not change the order of the cards until
401.3. A player may, at any time,You can count the number of cards you have.
401.4. When an effect puts multiple cards on top or bottom of the same deck at the same time, there are no specific instructions.
Unless otherwise specified, the owner of those cards can decide the order in which they are placed. In what order
You don't have to reveal whether you put it on the bill.
401.5. Some effects tell a player to reveal the top card of their deck. Release
The card that was played is turned face down when the effect has finished processing.
401.6 If an effect causes a player to put a card "his Nth from the top" of the deck, then in that deck he has N
If there are no cards left, that player puts that card on the bottom of their deck.
401.7. When cards are added together to the deck due to some effect, they are not considered to be added to the top or bottom of the deck.
I don't.

402. Hand
402.1. The hand is where the player keeps the cards they draw. Other effects can cause cards to
It may be moved from a zone other than the deck to the hand. At the start of the game, each player
- draws his five cards.
402.2. Each player has no maximum hand size.
402.3. Players may arrange their hand in any convenient way and look at it at any time.
You can't see other players' hands, but you can count them at any time.
403. Battle Zone
403.1. The battle zone is the main location of the game. creature, cross gear, weapon,
Fortresses, heartbeats, fields, auras, rituals, and nebulae are placed in the battle zone, but mana and
No relds, castles, or spells are placed.
403.2. Players arrange the creatures in the battle zone so that each
It must be clear which creature the gear or weapon belongs to.
403.3. Players may rearrange their cards in the battle zone at any time.
I can.
403.4. You cannot change the order of cards stacked under another card. This is an example of a 403.3
outside.
403.4a When a card is placed below a card in the battle zone, it is placed at the bottom of the constituent cards.
Masu. When multiple cards are placed under a card at once, the player decides in what order they are placed.
start.

404. Cemetery
404.1. The graveyard is where you put your discard pile. Cards discarded from hand or destroyed
Spells that have finished their reasoning are placed in the graveyard.
404.2. Players can look at cards in their graveyard at any time.
404.3. Players can rearrange the cards in their graveyard at any time.

405. Mana Zone
405.1. The mana zone is where you put the cards that generate the mana you need to use them. Ma
All cards placed in Nazone are placed upside down. However, tap the multicolored card and place it.
will be
405.2. Players can look at cards in their mana zone at any time.
405.3. A player may rearrange the cards in his mana zone at any time.
Masu.

406. Shield Zone
406.1 In the shield zone, he has 5 shields at the start of the game. Fortify Shield
The castle is placed in the shield zone.
406.2. Each shield must be one pile of face-down cards. player
- cannot see the contents of each shield.
406.3. Players may not rearrange cards in their shield zone.


407. Hyperdimensional Zone
407.1. Cards with psychic and dragheart supertypes are placed in the hyperdimensional zone.
The maximum number of hyperdimensional zones at the start of the game is 8. It does not matter if it is 0.
407.2. Players can see cards in hyperdimensional zones at any time.
407.3. A player may rearrange the cards in his hyperdimensional zone at any time.
to come.

408. Super GR Zone
408.1. Cards with the special type GR are placed in the super GR zone. Super GR at the start of the game
He has 12 cards, not too much or too little.
408.2. Super GR must be a face down deck of cards. The player sees the contents of the super GR
I can't.
408.3. Players cannot rearrange cards in the Super GR zone.

409. Pending State
409.1. When cards are used or effects put them into the battle zone, those cards are actually
on hold until you move the zone to A card placed on hold does not
you have not left the application.
409.1a When you use a card that goes into the battle zone, such as a creature, or if an effect puts it into the battle zone
When attempting to play, those cards are put on hold until you actually move the zone
409.1b Spells are suspended from the time they are cast until the effect has finished resolving. solution is over
After that, the spell you were casting is put into your graveyard.
409.1c While a card is suspended, it belongs to the zone in which it was originally placed.
However, it does not count against the number of cards in that zone.
Example: In a situation where you have 《Crimson Dragon Ogristoval》, the remaining 1 《Energy Rye》 in your hand
If you cast Crimson Dragon, before resolving the card-drawing effect, the power of Crimson Dragon Ogristoval
- becomes 0 and is destroyed.
Example 2: When discarding a card from your hand due to the effect of 《Emergency Typhoon》 cast from your hand.
If you do, you cannot discard the 《Emergency Typhoon》 you cast.
Example 3: You have 4 cards in your mana zone, and your opponent's 《Beast Army, Yadock》 is in the battle zone.
When summoning "Rainbow Speed The Verde" from the mana zone, "Rainbow Speed The Verde"
Since the number of cards in the mana zone becomes 3 due to the pending status of "De", "Beast Army, Yado"
The replacement effect of "Hook" is applied.
409.1d After the suspended card is no longer on hold, it shall
You lose the effect that was previously given.
Example: A card with the effect "You may use it from your Graveyard this turn."
If the card is put into the graveyard again as a result of using it from the graveyard, it cannot be used again.
you can't.
Example 2: "Snake's Boss Goemonkey! 》 effected creature from the mana zone.
When summoned, the creature stayed in the mana zone due to the replacement effect of "Beast Army, Yadock".
, the creature cannot be summoned from the mana zone again.
409.1e A single effect may use multiple cards at the same time. In that case, the effect
After all the cards used in are put on hold, they are processed one by one.
Example: When casting 3 spells with the ability of 《Type Dragon Emperor Style, Kiriko 3》, all 3 of them are on hold.
After that, solve one card at a time.
Example 2: The card to be used when 7 of his cards are put into the graveyard by the ability of "Dream Transformation Dueland".
After all the cards are on hold, use them one by one.
409.1f A single effect may put multiple cards into the battle zone at the same time. on the spot
If so, all cards put into the battle zone are put on hold, and then put into the battle zone one by one.
However, if multiple seals enter the battle zone at the same time, after all of them are put on hold,
Attach to creatures in the battle zone at the same time.
Example: When putting two creatures into the battle zone with the effect of "Heaven's Gate", the two
are put on hold and then put into the battle zone one by one.
Example 2: Seal all creatures in the battle zone with the effect of "Dokindam Apocalypse"
If attached, they are attached at the same time.
409.2. A card placed on hold as a result of playing a card or resolving an effect
If you do not move the card to another session, the card will no longer be on hold. The status of the card is
It does not change from before entering the stationary state.
409.2a If a suspended card is put back into its original zone,
card is not placed on the counter. Abilities that trigger when a card is placed do not trigger,
Also, the phase of that card does not change.
Example: When casting a spell from the graveyard with the "when played" ability of "Wave", the spell cast is resolved.
As a result, it will be placed in the graveyard again, but the ability that triggers when the card is placed in the graveyard due to this
Force does not provoke.
Example 2: When summoning "Dance of Yin and Yang" that is tapped in the mana zone, "Beast Troop Ya
If Doc's replacement effect is applied, Dance of Yin and Yang remains tapped even after the replacement effect is applied.
placed in the mana zone.
409.2b A replacement effect that applies when a spell is put into a graveyard is a
Applies even if placed. This is an exception for 409.2.
Example: Casting Kenzan Charger from the Graveyard with the "When Played" ability of "Wave".
When "Kenzan Charger" is placed in the graveyard again, it may be
placed in the mana zone instead.
5. Turn structure

500. General
500.1. The turn is "start of turn", "draw", "charge mana", "main", "attack", "turn".
The end of He consists of 6 steps. Each step, even if nothing happens
Exists on every turn. Each step may have further substeps. They are,
They are processed in order.
500.2. Each step has no effects in progress and the turn player has nothing to do.
It will end when Each sub-step during an attack will be
sub-step.
500.2a Once you move to the next step, there is no going back to the previous step.
500.3. When a step or sub-step ends, the step or
The effect that was scheduled to follow disappears. It is also scheduled to last "until" a step or substep
The effect disappears at the beginning of that step or substep. The effect that follows "Attacking" is
It disappears at the end of the attack, not at the end of the attack step. "turn
The effects lasting until the end of the turn are completely gone, so even if you enter the End of Turn step,
It won't go away any time soon.
500.4. When a step or sub-step begins, the "beginning" of that step or sub-step
Triggered effects that spawn are put on standby.
500.5. Effects can cause a player to take an extra turn. In that case,
Adds a turn immediately after the current turn. During one turn, one player can have multiple additional targets.
If he gains a turn, he is added by 1 for that extra turn.
500.5a During one turn, if each player gets an extra turn, that extra turn
Do it from layers.
500.6. Skip the draw step on the first turn of the first player.

501. Turn Start Step
501.1. The turn player decides which of his cards to untap, and
untap them at the same time. This is a turn-based action. All of a player's cards are usually
Untap, but effects can prevent the card from untapping.
501.1a Players untap creatures with the Silent skill.choose not to
It doesn't matter. This replaces Untap with the Silent Skill ability.
However, the Silent Skill effect itself is independent of the activation conditions. Effectiveness of Silent Skill
The effect is put on hold the moment it is activated and is resolved after the other cards untap.
501.2. All "beginning of turn" triggers trigger. The effect that triggered
Declare to be resolved from the layer and process in order.
501.2a Cards with abilities that trigger "at the beginning of turn" have their abilities trigger during this step.
If it moves into the zone, the ability won't trigger until the next turn start step.

502. Draw Step
502.1 The turn player draws a card for her. This is a turn-based action.

503. Mana Charge Step
503.1 The turn player puts one card from his hand upside down into his mana zone (char
(pages). This may or may not be done.
503.2 Normally, a player can charge only one of his mana during his mana charge step.
You can Continuous effects can increase or decrease this number.

504. Main Step
504.1. Normally, the turn player can use cards only during the main step.
504.2. By paying the mana cost of a cross gear in the battle zone again, make a creature
Cross gear can be crossed.

505. Attack Step
505.1. The attack step consists of "designate attacking creature", "designate blocking creature", "designate bat
He consists of 5 sub-steps: Le, Direct Attack, and End Attack.
505.2. During the attack step, the turn player's creatures and non-turn players
You can attack the player's tapped creatures.
505.3. Only creatures can attack or block.
505.4 Creatures attack and block her one by one. Attack with multiple creatures simultaneously
or blocked by multiple creatures at the same time.
505.5. The turn player may declare an attack any number of times as long as there are creatures available to attack.
You can
505.6. Once an attacking or blocking creature leaves the battle zone, it can no longer
It is treated as not in "attack". Removed from "that attack" by some effect
sometimes. Creatures removed from "the attack" are attacking creatures and
unblocked creatures, whether blocked or blocked.
It is no longer a jar.
505.6a Once a creature is designated as an attacker or blocker,
Even if an ability that forbids the creature from attacking or blocking subsequently activates
does not remove the creature from the current attack or block. Ta
However, if some effect causes the attacking creature or the creature being attacked to be "that attack"
If it is removed from the attack, the attack ends immediately and moves to the end of attack step. At this time,
Pending resolution effects are resolved at this time, but any non-turn player's (as defined in 506.3d)
It is not possible to add new abilities that can be declared to be used in .
505.6b If you touch a creature that has already been designated as an attacking or blocking creature,
You can't remove it from an attack by tapping or untapping it.

506. Attacker Designation Step
506.1. The turn player designates attacking creatures.
506.1a First, the turn player chooses which creatures will attack. (This selection is
Optional) The creature you choose must be legally ready to attack. untapped state
must be in the battle zone continuously from the start of the turn, or
The inability to attack by an effect must be disabled. to attack
A creature that requires some condition can be used as an attacking creature without meeting that condition.
cannot be specified as
506.1b The turn player may force his creature to
or attack with that creature if some condition is met)
If so, you must have that creature attack during that turn. forced working clitoris
The order in which the characters participate in the attack is arbitrary.
506.1c The turn player taps the chosen creature.
From 506.1d onwards, the chosen creature becomes an attacking creature. Removed from "that attack"
It remains an attacking creature until it is killed or until the end of attack step.
506.1e The turn player may decide whether the creature is a player or a tapped creature.
Specifies whether to attack fliers.
506.2. Skip other substeps if no attacking creature is designated.
505.2a If a substep is skipped, declarations from it are not allowed. Waiting effects are
can be used.
506.3. Next, abilities that trigger when attacking creatures are designated trigger, and their effects wait.
state.
506.3a A creature that triggers on attacking or being attacked by a creature
abilities trigger only when a creature is declared an attacking creature. creature
After the creature participates in the attack, the creature's characteristics change to match the ability's trigger conditions.
It does not trigger even if it changes.
506.3b Some triggered abilities require a use declaration. When using, first turn
Declare anything the player side will use. A triggered ability that requires a use declaration is Ninji
Refers to abilities that trigger in hidden zones, such as Ja Strike and Revolution Change. (reference
603.2e)
506.3c Then resolve the turn player's pending effects in any order.
506.3d Declare the non-turn player's side of the triggered ability that requires a declaration of use. attack
Even if the conditions were not met at the time the reacher was specified, the conditions will be met at this point.
If it satisfies the requirements, it can be used.
506.3e Then resolve the non-turn player's pending effects in any order. this past
If an effect on the turn player's side is triggered at the
Prioritize the effects of the year, then return to the non-turn player side.

507. Blocker Designation Step
507.1. The non-turn player chooses creatures that use abilities that change attack targets.
507.1a If you want to use an ability that changes the target of an attack, such as a blocker or guardsman,
Players choose one or more creatures that can use that ability. When selecting multiple
select at the same time. The creature you choose must be in a state where you can legally use that ability.
yeah. Creatures that require a condition to use an ability that redirects attacks must
It cannot be selected if the conditions are not met.
Example: A tapped creature with a blocker is chosen as the creature to use the ability.
you can't
Example: If your opponent's creatures are attacking the player, creatures with guardsmen
cannot be chosen as the creature to use the ability. Cry with other blockers
The same is true even if there is a teacher.
Example: If a creature with an "unblockable" ability is attacking, it has a blocker
You can't choose creatures.
Example: A creature with an untapped blocker is being attacked.
A creature with a blocker can't be chosen as a creature to use a blocker.
507.1b A non-turn player may have an effect that forces his creatures to block.
, you must choose that creature as the creature to use the blocker ability.
Don't. If there are effects that force multiple creatures to block, select all of them.
you need to
Example: In a situation where you have two creatures that can use blocker abilities,
If Flower of , attacks, you must choose both of them as creatures to use the ability.
there is.
507.2. Resolve the abilities of the chosen creature. Select multiple creatures to use the ability
If so, resolve those abilities one by one in any order the non-turn player likes, resulting in
Then, the attack target is changed according to the last ability that resolves.
507.2a. Finally, a blocker ability redirects the attack to the creature that used that ability.
If so, the chosen creature is designated as a blocker. "That attack
It is a blocking creature until it is removed from the attack or until the end of attack step.
continue.
Example: If you use the blocker ability of two creatures, only the last one to resolve the effect
becomes a block creature.
507.2b. Finally, a non-blocker ability (such as a guard) that uses that ability
If the attack target is changed to a reacher, the chosen creature is not a blocking creature.
I don't.
507.2c. An attacking creature that is blocked by a blocking
It will be A creature with no blocking creatures has "unblockable".
It becomes a “cleaner”. removed from "that attack" or
stays that way until the The creature that blocked it from "that attack"
A blocked creature remains blocked even if it is removed.
507.3. Abilities triggered by designated blocking creatures trigger, and all effects wait.
machine state.
507.3a. Triggered abilities with a trigger condition of "When this creature blocks"
Triggers when a creature with power is designated as a blocker.
507.3b. Abilities that trigger when a creature with a particular characteristic blocks
is designated as a blocking creature or blocked by an effect
If a point doesn't have that property, it won't trigger. A creature with a specific trait is blocked
Abilities that trigger when the creature is
does not trigger unless it has the by creatures with certain characteristics
An ability that triggers when blocked by
If you don't have that characteristic at the time you get it, it won't trigger. These abilities can then be used by creatures
Even if the characteristics of the character change and meet the conditions, it will not be triggered at that time.
Example: "Whenever this creature is blocked by a light creature, that creature
- is destroyed at the end of the attack. ", this creature
is blocked by a dark creature, even if that creature turns into light
Abilities do not trigger.
507.3c. "CreatureAn ability that says "when attacked and wasn't blocked" will cause that creature to
Triggers if no blocking creature is specified. block after being blocked
It doesn't trigger if the creature is removed from "that attack."
507.3d. Some triggered abilities require a use declaration. When using, first turn
Declare anything the player side will use. (Reference 603.2e)
507.3e. Then resolve the turn player's stand-by effects in any order.
507.3f. Declare the use of triggered abilities that require a use declaration on the non-turn player's side.
507.3g. Then resolve the non-turn player's stand-by effects in any order. this past
If an effect on the turn player's side is triggered at the
Prioritize the effects of the year, then return to the non-turn player side.
507.4. If a creature enters the battle zone blocking, it counts as a "blocking creature."
Char", but doesn't count as "blocking" for triggering events and effects.

508. Battle Step
508.1. If you are attacking a creature or the creature's attack target is changed at this stage, the
torr occurs.

509. Direct Attack Step
509.1. If the target of the attacking creature is not changed, it is a direct attack. child
If the non-turn player does not have a shield at , that player loses the game. child
This is a state-based action.
509.2. Determines the number of times a creature's direct attack shields are broken.
509.2a Creatures with no text break one shield.
509.2b The creature has the ability to break multiple shields, such as W breaker
If so, break the number of shields specified by the ability.
509.2c If a creature has multiple breaker abilities at the same time, which ability the player uses
Select At this time, the creature with T breaker and W breaker at the same time
You can specify a W breaker and he can break two, but without specifying either he can only break one.
You cannot choose to break.
509.3. Choose the specified number of shields to break. "Before the break" or "Before the break"
Abilities that trigger before the break, such as "to", trigger at this point.
Examples: "Dragon W. Breaker", "Master W. Breaker", "MAX the Joni"
ー》’s “before each break” ability
509.4. Resolve the pending effect in 509.3. All those effects have finished resolving
Then resolve any new abilities triggered by it.
509.4a Of the newly triggered abilities, first remove the turn player's standby effects in any order.
to process.
509.4b Continue to resolve the non-turn player's pending effects in any order. this process
If an effect on the turn player's side is triggered by
Prioritize Yar effects, then return to the non-turn player.
509.4c Even if an attacking creature leaves the battle zone by resolving an effect,
The creature breaks the opponent's already chosen shield.
509.5. The number of times a creature chooses a shield breaks at the same time. A broken shield is possible
Breaks newly added shields in some way even if the specified number of strengths is not reached
cannot be chosen as a shield to
509.5a S Trigger can be declared when the shield is broken and added to the hand. multiple sheets
If there is an S trigger for , declare it at the same time. The card you declare must be shown to your opponent.
I will.
509.5b G Strike can be declared when the shield is broken and added to the hand. multiple sheets
If there is a G-Strike, declare it at the same time. The card you declare must be shown to your opponent.
I will.
509.5c S. Buck can declare by discarding a card that is added to his hand by breaking the shield into the graveyard.
Masu. The card you declare must be shown to your opponent. At this time, the card discarded is from the shield to the grave.
Although it has moved to the ground, it is treated as "a card discarded from your hand".
509.5d After declaring, add the broken shield to your hand. At this time, I added it to my hand.
If there is a card with "Crest of Judgment" among the cards, you can discard it and declare Sabaki Z.
vinegar.
509.5e Then resolve S Trigger and his S Buck, G Strike, and Sabaki Z in any order.
Example: Two shields broken at the same time are 《Cyber Brain》 and 《Fairy Re Rye》.
If it was F, cast Cyber Brain with "S Trigger", draw a card, and then
You can also select one of your opponent's creatures with "G Strike" and make them unable to attack.
Then, select one of your opponent's creatures with "G Strike", make it unable to attack, and then use "Sai
You can also cast Bar Brain.
509.6. You cannot choose the same shield twice with an ability that breaks multiple shields at the same time.
I can't If the shield is not broken in some way, the shield remains
Stay in the zone.

510. Attack end step
510.1. All abilities that trigger "at the end of an attack" trigger. The triggered effect is a turn play
It processes from year to year.
510.2. Next, the effects of "attacking" and "blocking" disappear.

511. End of Turn Step
511.1. Triggered abilities with the trigger condition "at the end of the turn" trigger. each trigger
and its use is done in the following steps:
511.1a All triggered abilities that do not require a use declaration will trigger.
511.1b The turn player declares the use of triggered abilities that require declaration of use.
511.1c Process pending effects for the turn player.
511.1d A triggered type that requires a use declaration once all of the turn player's standby effects are gone.
The non-turn player declares the use of the ability.
511.1e Resolve the non-turn player's pending effects in any order. During this process
If an effect on the turn player's side triggers, the turn player's
Prioritize the effect and then return to the non-turn player's processing.
511.2. "During that turn" and "until the end of turn" effects disappear at the same time.

512. Time to move to the next turn
512.1. When moving to the next turn, all cards that are on hold at that time are put into the graveyard. child
, new abilities will not trigger.
6. CARDS USE, ABILITIES AND EFFECTS

600. General
601. Use of Cards
601.1. Using a card means summoning a creature, casting a spell, or generating a cross gear.
Fortify the shield with a castle, expand the field, and use the aura to
to affect the game.
601.1a A player declares to use a card, including changing the terms of use. Manacos
If there are any effects that increase or decrease the weight, decide which ones to apply at this point. change the terms of use
or the effect that increases or decreases the mana cost, the card itself needs to move the zone.
If it is required, the effect cannot be used. Also, if the processing required to apply the effect cannot be performed,
, or if the first application of another effect prevents the processing of the effect, the effect
It can not be used.
Example: If he wants to apply G.G.G to 《“Counterattack” Brand》, when he declares the use of the card,
The number of cards in your hand, including 《“Counterattack” Brand》, must be 1 or less.
Example 2: You cannot apply Fushigiverse without your own creatures.
601.1b Cards are put on hold as soon as they are declared to be used. card is prohibited
declaration itself is not possible. Also, if you can't pay the alternative cost, you can't declare
you can't.
601.1c To use a card in your mana zone, tap the pending card to use.
to pay mana cost and civilization.
601.1d When paying costs, pay civilization first.
601.1e A player applies effects that increase or decrease mana cost to determine the mana cost of the card.
Masu.
601.1f Players pay mana costs. Is there any action to be taken when using the card?
Executes that action.
601.1g After paying the mana cost, the card is used immediately.
601.1h Players specify what they choose when a card tells them to choose something.
If an ability instructs you to choose multiple things at the same time, you cannot choose the same thing more than once.
yeah. If the ability is instructed to choose "every", or if the same ability is effective multiple times
You can select the same item multiple times.

602. Handling Activated Abilities
602.1. An activated ability is an ability whose effect can be obtained by performing the conditions for its activation.
Power. You can't get the effect without executing the condition. These types of abilities include tap abilities,
Silent Skills, Dynamo, and more.
602.2. The activation of an ability and the ability's effect itself are independent events. some starting conditions
The article allows replacement in certain situations, but even in such cases, the activation of the ability is replaced.
The effect of the ability itself does not replace anything.
602.3. Players cannot start activating abilities that are prohibited from activation.
602.3a Abilities that can be used when an attack is possible (e.g. tap abilities) do not cause summoning sickness or other effects.
It cannot be used if it is in a state where it cannot attack for some reason.

603. Handling Triggered Abilities
603.1. Triggered abilities have trigger conditions and effects.
603.2. Triggered abilities automatically trigger whenever their trigger conditions are met. Triggered effects are on standby once.
state and wait for resolution.
603.2a At the beginning of a step, all abilities that trigger "beginning" trigger.
603.2b A triggered ability triggers only once each time its trigger condition is met. But that event
It can trigger multiple times if the event contains multiple events.
Example: A creature with an ability that triggers "whenever a creature is destroyed"
If multiple creatures are destroyed at the same time when there is a
Triggers the same number as the character.
603.2c A triggering event using the word “becomes” means that the indicated event has occurred.
It only triggers when It will not trigger if it was originally in that state, and will continue to be in that state.
It will not trigger again for as long as Similarly, if a card enters that zone in that state
does not induce
Example: An ability that triggers when a creature "becomes tapped" is a creature in the battle zone.
Triggers only when Reacher goes from untapped to tapped.
603.2d Abilities trigger only when their trigger event actually happens. permuted
It will not be triggered by an event that was not there.
Example: A creature is lured by being placed in a graveyard.An ability that emits puts a creature into the graveyard.
It won't trigger if you put it in another zone instead.
603.2e Some triggered abilities require a use declaration. "Ninja Strike"
All triggered abilities that trigger in closed zones, such as “Revolutionary Change” and “Muzuki Gate”, are declared for use.
A triggered ability that requires a word. These abilities can be used from public zones such as the graveyard or mana zone.
A use declaration must be made even if the
603.2f Declaring the use of triggered abilities is different from declaring the use of cards. Declare Use of Triggered Ability
means that only the player who owns the card with the triggered ability can see the ability's trigger.
In a situation where the player can reveal the card (such as when it is in hand), the player can reveal the card and declare it.
and The triggered ability triggers only after it is declared. This is his 603.2 exception.
603.3. Once an ability triggers, the effect becomes standby once, and all standby effects at that time
Among them, the processing is performed in order from the turn player's one.
603.3a Some triggered abilities say that you use the ability of the icon that follows it.
When those abilities are triggered, they will be on standby, including what is written on the icon.
Example: When a creature with Kizuna Plus attacks and puts the underlying card into the graveyard, then
Even if the creature with the icon is destroyed before the ability resolves, the card is placed in the graveyard when the ability activates.
The two icon abilities selected when the card is placed are in standby mode.
603.4. If a triggered ability has a condition, if the condition is met when the ability resolves, the effect
Resolved. It doesn't matter if the conditions are met at the time of triggering.
603.5. A trigger condition involving a card moving between zones is called a "zone change trigger". hand
All cards, battle zones, mana zones, graveyards, decks, etc. that require movement between zones are zoned.
It's an ability that triggers change.
603.5a Abilities when put into the battle zone are creatures, cross gears, weapons, and fortresses.
Triggers when is put into the battle zone. Whenever you put one or more cards into the battle zone,
Check all abilities that trigger when they enter the battle zone, including the triggered abilities that the card has
To do.
603.5b Continuous effects that add or change the characteristics of a card can be
It is applied immediately and is not placed in the zone with its original characteristics. conditional on characteristics
A triggered ability checks its characteristics after applying its continuous effect.
Example: If you have 《Fun Wind Fairy Courtney》 and mana charge a nature card,
Do is placed in the mana zone as a card with all civilizations. At this time, space
If a creature has the charge (darkness) ability, that ability will trigger.
603.5c Some triggered abilities cause the card with that ability to leave the battle zone,
There are also triggers when moving to bills. Determine if those abilities trigger
To do so, the game must "look past". Immediately after the event these
It triggers based on the existence and state of the immediately preceding card. At this time, it is possible to see the past state
only about the card with the ability itself.
Example: You have two creatures and the ability "Draw a card when the creature is destroyed."
When the holding creature is in the battle zone, cast a spell that destroys all creatures.
If so, the ability triggers only once on the creature itself.
603.6. Effects may create delayed triggered abilities that do something later.
603.6a A delayed triggered ability is triggered by the use of a card or other ability, or as a result of the application of a replacement effect.
generated. in the past, even if its triggering event occurred before it was actually generated.
There is no retroactive effect.
Example: An ability that reads, "The first time a creature taps this turn, untap it."
When you cast a spell that has a
It only triggers on creatures that were already tapped before casting the spell.
does not induce

604. Handling Static Abilities
604.1. Static abilities don't activate or trigger, they always do something.
604.2. Static abilities have continuous effects. Some of them can be replacement effects. this
These effects last as long as the card with the static ability is in a particular zone and has that ability.
vinegar.
604.3. Some static abilities apply while the card is in a usable zone (usually your hand).
exists. This includes things like abilities that change a card's mana cost.
604.4. Some static abilities are exceptionally one-shot effects. These abilities generate effects.
If the conditions for the ability are met, apply the effect before resolving any other abilities. It also handles the effects
If it is generated in the middle, it interrupts its processing and applies the effect. Resident after applying effect
If the conditions for the ability to produce a one-shot effect are still met, apply that effect again.
Example: 《Legendary Forbidden Dokindam X》 defeat effect, S-MAX evolution return to hand effect
604.4a When a static ability creates a one-time effect, if it has a continuous effect, it must
, then apply its one-shot effect.
604.4b If there are multiple one-shot effects created by static abilities, which player
The processing changes depending on whether the card is a negative card or not. A single player's cards can produce multiple one-shot effects.
If so, the player applies the one-shot effects in any order. multiple players
If any of the cards in the card produce a one-shot effect, apply the turn player's effect first.

605. Resolving Card Uses and Abilities
605.1. Upon resolution, the turn player removes his or her own effects from the standby effects in any order.
We will solve it in turn. The order in which the effects were queued does not matter.
605.2. Resolution is divided into several steps.
605.2a If a triggered ability has a condition, check to see if it meets that condition when it resolves. Full
If not, it does nothing. Otherwise, continue solving.
Example: Temporal Brawler Kill's awaken ability always triggers at the beginning of your turn. open turn
Even if you don't have a creature with power 6000 or more in the battle zone before the start,
If there is a creature with power 6000 or more, flip it over to the side with the higher cost.
is possible.
605.2b When choosing a card or ability, choose as much as possible within the specified range. If you can't choose
Its effect does nothing. If the card or ability has other effects, the other effects resolve normally.
To do. If "all" is listed, it is not selected.
605.2c Cards and abilities are resolved in the order written. However, replacement effects may change these behaviors.
changes and may change the meaning of previous instructions. In some cases, the card text
A later written sentence may modify the meaning of an earlier sentence.
605.2d If the game requires information, the value is provided only once when the player performs the action.
will be determined. If an effect requires specific information on a card, use information about the current state of the card.
is. If the ability says the card does something (such as battle), it is the card that actually does it.
It's a code, not an effect. When a continuous effect requires a card's information, that card's
Always check the information of characteristics (civilization, race, name, cost, power).
Example: A creature with the ability "When in the battle zone, have all civilizations" has the ability "Cree
Destroy one of her chars. If you do, take a creature with the same civilization from your hand.
If you choose it with an effect, it checks the information at that time (when it's in the battle zone).
Masu.
Example: The command is not a command while the effect "Command cannot attack" is applied.
If it evolves into a creature that doesn't have one, it can attack.
605.2e As the final step in resolving a spell, the spell is put into the graveyard. Ability is the final
disappear in stages.
605.3. If the card being resolved is not a spell, the card is a creature, cross gear,
If it's field or aura, it goes into the battle zone. If the card is a castle, put it in the shield zone.
will be

606. Effects
606.1. "Effects" are events that occur in the game as a result of using cards or abilities.
Spell abilities, activated abilities, and triggered abilities, when resolved, create one or more single-shot or continuous effects.
produce an effect. Static abilities produce one or more continuous effects. rule statement
The chapter itself is not an effect.
606.2. If an effect calls for something impossible, do only what is possible.
Example: If a player has only one card in his hand, the effect "He discards two cards from his hand"
Discard only the cards that are
606.3. Some continuous effects have replacement effects.

607. Single Effect
607.1 A one-shot effect causes something he does only once and ends immediately. An example is shielding
It can rake, destroy creatures, move cards between zones, and so on.
607.2. Some one-shot effects have a game effect, rather than when the spell or ability that created the one-shot effect resolves.
There is something that instructs the player to do something after the game has moved on (usually at a certain point).
Masu.

608. Continuing Effects
608.1. Continuous effects change the characteristics of a card for a fixed or indefinite period of time,
or affect the rules of A continuous effect can be a spell ability, the resolution of an ability, or the
Generated by static abilities. If there are multiple continuous effects, they are applied simultaneously.
608.2. Continuous effects are created by resolving spell abilities and abilities.
608.2a A continuous effect created by the resolution of a spell ability or ability is the card or ability that created it.
lasts for the period indicated in the , such as "until the end of the turn". If no period is specified,
Continues until the end of the game.
608.2b If a spell ability or ability causes a continuous effect that includes a variable, the value of that variable resolves.
It is determined only at the time and does not change after that.
608.3. Continuous effects are generated by static abilities of cards.
608.3a Continuous effects created by static abilities are not "fixed." indicated in the article
It always applies to everything.
608.3b This effect always applies while the card that produces it is in the corresponding zone.
Example: A card with the static ability "All light creatures have +1000 power"
Created an effect that continuously gives each light creature in Luzone +1000 power.
To do. A creature gains this modifier when it becomes light, and gains this modifier when it ceases to be light.
lose alignment.
608.3c A continuous effect that modifies the characteristics of a card is activated as soon as the card enters the corresponding zone.
Correct your gender. Entering a zone, even if the card was modified before entering the corresponding zone
You don't wait for it and then fix it. Effects of this kind do not affect the card's corresponding zone.
applied at the time of, determines whether the ability triggers when the card enters the corresponding zone.
applied before specifying
Example: A creature with the static ability "All light creatures get blockers"
is in the battle zone, light creatures have a blocker and
I'm going to Enter the battle zone as a creature without blockers and then block
You don't get a car. Conversely, since you don't get a blocker before going out,
It cannot be put into the battle zone with 《Heaven's Gate》.

609. Replacement Effects
609.1. Some continuous effects can be replacement effects. Replacement effect lasts when event occurs
applicable. It is not pre-fixed. Effects of this kind are specific to be replaced.
Waits for an event in , and replaces all or part of its effect with another event. this is the effect
Acts like a “shield” against anything that affects
609.1a Effects that use the word “instead” are replacement effects. By the word "instead"
It shows what events are replaced and how.
609.2. A replacement effect must exist before the appropriate event occurs. "Time
You can't "go back" and change what has already happened.
609.3. Replacement effects are applied only once per event.
609.4. If an event is replaced, it never happens. permuted i
Instead of venting, the modified event will occur, triggering any triggered abilities from it. change
If the event after being executed cannot be executed, it cannot be replaced.
609.5. When replacing an event with a replacement effect, if that event does not occur, the replacement effect
Do nothing.
609.6. Some replacement effects replace drawing a card.
609.6a When replacing one of the multiple card draws, the next card draw is that replacement.
This is after finishing all conversion effects.
609.6b If you have a series of effects that draw a card and then do something to that card, then you draw the card.
If an extra part is replaced and you don't draw a card as a result, the extra part does nothing.
609.7. Some replacement effects are not continuous effects. A spell or ability has its own solution.
Such effects that replace some or all of the timing effects are called self-replacement effects.
609.8. If multiple replacement effects attempt to modify a single event at the same time, which effect is applied?
Ruka prioritizes the effect of the turn player, and the same player has multiple replacement effects
If so, that player chooses which effect is applied.
609.8a If a spell's effect replaces its own movement, it takes precedence over other replacement effects.
will be
Example: Casting Brain Charger from the Graveyard with the ability of Dragon Element Symbol Sr Spellcyclika.
After that, the replacement effect of "Charger" takes precedence, and "Brain Charger" becomes Manazo.
placed in the
Example: 《Brocken Vaughan》 is present, and 《Determination of Life, Earth, and Destruction》 from the mana zone.
After casting , the replacement effect of "instead of putting it in the graveyard" in the spell ability takes precedence, and "Life and Earth
and Roaring Decision is placed on the bottom of the deck.
609.9. Multiple events may occur simultaneously, each modified by a different replacement effect.
In that case, each player first decides to which events their replacement effects apply.
Once you have decided which replacement effects to apply to all events, apply them simultaneously.
609.9a First, the turn player determines which replacement effects apply to which events.
Masu. If the replacement effect to be applied requires processing such as moving a card or changing its phase, use this
You must also choose the cards that will be affected by the action at that time. turn player
After the determination of the application of the replacement effect by
determines the replacement effect.
609.9b When choosing a card to be affected by resolving a replacement effect, decide to apply another replacement effect.
You cannot choose the card you chose when you did it.
7. Other Rules

700. General
700.1. Everything that happens in the game is an event. Multiple events may occur during the use of the card or
May occur during ability resolution. The text of a triggered ability or replacement effect indicates the effect they are looking at.
Define vents. For some abilities he is an event, for others
It can be multiple events.
700.2. Abilities with multiple options are said to have options.
700.2a An ability with choices chooses the choice when resolving the ability.
700.2b Some abilities let a player other than the ability's owner choose an option. In that case also
The player makes an alternative choice when the ability resolves.
700.2c Some cards and abilities give players choices other than the card's or ability's owner.
In that case, the player chooses the option at the timing when the card or ability normally chooses the option.
I will do
700.3. If a creature is not destroyed or leaves the battle zone, rules and effects
So it can't be destroyed or leave the battle zone. Such creatures are
Even if his power drops below 0, he will not be destroyed or leave the battle zone, and his power
Ignore state-based actions when is less than or equal to 0.
700.4. If an attacking creature is unblockable, a creature that can legally block it.
does not exist.
700.5. Creatures with the ability to "win the battle" are related to the power of the opponent they are battling.
Win the battle regardless.
700.5a If creatures with the ability to "win the battle" battle,
Char wins a battle and no creature loses a battle in that battle.

701. Keyword Processing
701.1. Most of the actions written in the rules text of the cards are written in plain language,
Some verbs require definitions. Those "keywords" are game terms, meaning
are sometimes summarized.
701.2. Tap and Untap
701.2a To tap a card is to rotate it 90 degrees from its original position.
701.2b To untap a card is to put it back in place.
701.3. Summon
701.3a To summon a creature is to move it from your current zone (usually your hand) to
It's about making it ready for the battle zone. Players usually only use Manacos during the main step.
You can summon creatures by paying
701.4. Chant
701.4a To cast a spell is to cast a spell from your current zone (usually your hand) so that the spell's effect occurs.
Pay the cost and use it. Players usually pay mana costs only on the main step.
to cast spells.
701.5. use
701.5a To use a card is to pay a cost to activate the card. Chestnut
Summon an archer, cast a spell, generate a cross gear, or use a shield in your castle.
Fortify, expand fields, use auras, use artifacts, use tamaseeds
Either use it or not.
701.6. Destroy
701.6a To destroy a card is to try to put it from the battle zone into the graveyard.
701.6b Destroyed cards are put into the graveyard as a result.
701.7. Discard
701.7a To discard a card is to put it from your hand into that player's graveyard.
(When using Strike Back, before adding it to your hand, as an action
does the same thing as throwing away)
701.7b Normally, an effect that causes a player to discard a card causes the affected player to discard a card.
let you choose a card. Some effects require random discards or other play
You may also request that the player choose.
701.8. Charge
701.8a To mana charge is to place a card from your hand upside down into that player's mana zone.
is to put
701.9. Show
701.9a To show a card means to show it to all players for a while.
and If an effect reveals a card to all players, the effect's
It remains visible until all the parts to be done are finished. As a condition of using the card,
If revealed to a layer, the card remains revealed until the card resolves.
701.9b Revealing a card doesn't change the zone it's in.
701.10. Search
701.10a To find a card in a zone is to look at all the cards in that zone
means finding a card that fits the criteria.
701.10b Cards that meet some criteria, such as a specific card type, civilization, etc.
If you have to look for it, you don't have to find it all even if it exists.
701.10c If an effect involving searching does not state that the found card is shown to all players,
If so, you don't have to show them to all players.
701.11. Shuffle
701.11a To shuffle a deck or pile of face down cards means that any player
It is to randomize it so that no one knows the order.
701.11b Have a player search the deck for cards, shuffle them, and place the searched cards in a pile.
There are effects that place cards in specific places. In that case, those cards are considered to have left the deck.
are not included in the shuffle. Also, the entire deck except those cards
cards are shuffled.
701.12. Block
701.12a To block is to stop an attacking creature from attacking. have a blocker
Only creatures can block.
701.13. Battle.
701.13a To battle is to compare the power of creatures to determine victory or defeat. power
A creature with a higher wins the battle, and a creature with the same or a lower loses the battle.
701.13b A creature that loses a battle is destroyed.
701.14. Break
701.14a To break a shield is to add it to that player's hand.
This can be caused by creature attacks or other effects.
701.14b The effect of adding (returning) a shield to the hand behaves the same as break, but
Effects that require you to lock will not apply.
Example: Attack an opponent's creature with Kizugui Transmigration, and use its "when attacking" ability to
Adding a shield to your hand does not break the shield. Therefore,
You can't use Kirifu Dash at the end of that attack.
701.14c When multiple shields are broken by an effect, they move to your hand at the same time.
vinegar. This is different from breaking with the breaker ability.
701.14d Effect that additionally breaks the shield does not break from attack or break from effect.
It affects both
701.15. Evolve
701.15a To evolve is to have an evolution creature on top of a card, or to advance onto a card.
It is to stack the cross gears.
701.16. Generate
701.16a To generate is to remove a cross gear from your current zone (usually your hand)
Pay to put it in the battle zone. Players normally pay mana cost only on the main step.
You can pay to generate Cross Gear.
701.17. Cross.
701.17a To cross means to stack a cross gear under a creature with the card part visible.
That's it.
701.18. Link
701.18a To link is to connect two or more cards next to each other. God and Psychic
Linking Super Creatures, some Dragheart Creatures, Zero Dragon Cards, etc.
can do.
701.18b A creature linked by two or more cards cannot combine all linked cards with one
Treat it as a creature.
701.19. Fortify
701.19a To fortify is to designate a castle from its current zone (usually your hand) for a cost.
It is best to place it on top of a shield. Players usually pay mana costs only on the main step.
You can fortify your shield with castles.
701.20. Awaken
701.20a To awaken means to flip a psychic creature that is a double-faced card and turn the other side
is to be visible.
701.21. Judge hard
701.21a Gachinko Judge means that each player reveals his first card from the top of his deck and
Put it on the bottom of the deck.
701.21b A player who uses the Gachinko Judge ability may
If you show a card with a mana cost equal to or above, you have won the Gachinko Judge.
701.21c The Gachinko Judge ability makes his two-cost cards like Twinpact
If shown, the player who shows it decides which cost to refer to.
701.22. Solve
701.22a To flip a dragheart is to turn a double-faced card over so that the other side is visible.
is to
701.23. Remove (seal)
701.23a To remove a seal is to move a seal from the battle zone to another zone.
701.23 b If a state-based action when a command enters the battle zone removes a seal,
is placed in the graveyard.
701.24. put (a seal) on
701.24a To seal is to remove the top card of your deck from the battle zone face down.
to put on top.
701.25. Forbidden Release.
701.25a To Forbidden Release is to flip a Forbidden Heartbeat, which is a double-faced card, to reveal the other side.
It is to do
701.26. Swap
701.26a To swap means to exchange the places of cards in two zones. Get in
If a creature is put into the battle zone by a swapping effect, the swapped creature is
Inherits the creature's phase and state before it is replaced. (Enter with Revolution Change or J Change)
The replaced creature is attacking. )
701.26b When resolving effects that switch creatures in the battle zone,
If the card cannot be moved successfully, the replacement will not be performed. each
The code does not move between zones and does not change state in any way.
Example: When attacking with Explosive Heat DX Batrai Bujin, Revolutionary Change of Blue Commander Dogiragon Sword
is used, the card does not leave the battle zone due to dragon evasion, so the replacement is not executed.
do not have. As a result, Explosive Heat DX Batorai Bujin continues to attack, and Blue Commander Dogiragon
Swords stays in your hand.
Example: Use Revolution Change when attacking with 《True Destiny King, Neverend》, and use
If you use true-escaping with As a result,
Neverend doesn't move the battle zone, and True Escape doesn't resolve.
701.26c There are effects that switch entire cards in two zones. These are
Resolves even if Oen has 0 of his cards. In addition, some cards may be moved due to replacement effects, etc.
is not successful, the rest of the card swapping is performed.
Examples: 《Demon Heaven》, 《All Sunrise》
701.27. Expand
701.27a To deploy means to move the field from your current zone (usually your hand) to
Put it in the battle zone. Players typically pay mana costs only for the main step.
to expand the field.
701.28. Turn upside down.
701.28a To turn upside down is to turn the field upside down with respect to its upright position.
701.29. Forbidden Explosion
701.29a To Forbidden Explode is to turn over the final Forbidden Field, which consists of five double-faced cards,
Reveal the other side and reassemble the five cards into one final Forbidden Creature.
and
701.30. Summon GR
701.30a GR summoning means summoning his first card from the top of your Super GR as if you paid the cost.
and put it into the battle zone.
701.31. Birth of Zero Dragon Swastika
701.31a Reiryu Manji is a double-faced card that flips over the Reiryu no Gi and four Reiryu Nebula cards to create another card.
One side is visible, and the five cards are reassembled into one Zero Dragon creature.

702. Turn-Based Actions
702.1. Turn-based actions are game actions that occur automatically as the turn progresses.
No other effects can be resolved before the turn-based action.
702.1a Abilities that wait for a particular step to begin are triggered abilities and turn-based actions.
I don't.
702.2. When a step begins, if that step has a turn-based action, that turn-based action
Processing is processed first. This is before state-based actions are checked, and triggered abilities wait.
before.
702.3. Turn-based actions are as follows.
702.3a The turn player mixes his cards in the battle zone with the cards in his mana zone.
Untap at times. Then resolve all triggered abilities at the beginning of the turn.
702.3b Immediately after the draw step begins, the turn player draws one of his cards.
702.3c Immediately after the declare attackers step begins, the turn player declares attacking creatures
specify a char.
702.3d Immediately after the declare blockers step begins, the non-turn player blocks
Specify a circuit.

703. State-Based Actions
703.1. State-based actions are game actions that occur automatically due to a situation. From situational processing
No other effects can be processed before.
703.1a Abilities that wait for a specific condition are triggered abilities, not state-based actions.
703.2. State-based actions are actions that are checked by the game and not owned by any player.
yeah.
703.3. The game always checks to see if any of the conditions for a state-based action to occur have been met, and
Process all state-based processing, if any, at the same time as a single event. situation
If contributory processing occurs as a result of the check, the check is repeated again after processing.
703.4. State-based actions include:
703.4a A player without a shield who is directly attacked and fails to redirect
– loses the game.
703.4b A player whose deck is 0 cards loses the game.
703.4c Creatures with power less than or equal to his 0 are destroyed.
703.4d A creature that loses a battle is destroyed as a result of the battle.
703.4e When a linked god's information becomes invalid, the link is broken.
703.4f When God leaves the battle zone, only one of them leaves the battle zone.
703.4g A single Psychic Cell and Dragheart Cell in the battle zone
placed in the
703.4h When only the card on top of an evolution creature leaves the battle zone, the card on the bottom
is reconstructed.
703.4i Face-up cards in the battle zone without a legal type are put into the graveyard.
703.4j When a command is put into the battle zone, the owner of that command has the same civilization as that command.
Place 1 seal from the cards you have that have a seal on it into the Graveyard.
703.4k When a fortified shield leaves the shield zone, the castle is put into its owner's graveyard.
If you use the "Shield Trigger" ability of that shield, it will be placed in the Graveyard immediately after use.
703.4l When another D2 Field is put into the battle zone, the D2 Field that was in the battle zone first
Do is put into its owner's graveyard.

8. Special card

800. General
800.1. There are cards that require special handling during the game. Evolution for those creatures
Creatures, Neo Creatures, Gods, Psychic Creatures, Draghearts, etc.
there is.

801. Evolution Creature
801.1. An evolution creature is one that stacks on the card it evolves from.
It is a creature that can be put into the battle zone by
801.1a Battle evolution creatures if there is no legal evolution source
It cannot be sent to the zone.
801.1b Buffing evolution creatures with multiple cards as evolution sources.
If you put it in the tol zone, in the order you like the evolution source card,
Stack it under the evolution creature.
801.2. A card in the battle zone evolves into an evolution creature.
even if it is the same creature as the pre-evolution card
handle. Even if the tapped card evolves, it will remain tapped.
, and the effects that were applied to that card are
continue to apply even after
Example: Evolved from a creature modified with -2000 power until end of turn
Evolution creatures also get a power of –2000. Similarly, each power-
Evolution GV creatures evolved from 3 creatures modified by 2000
Receiving Wor-6000 modifications.
801.2a If an attacking creature evolves, the attack continues.
801.2b If a creature that evolves from two or more cards
If Do is the evolution source, the evolution creature is tapped and put into the battle zone.
801.3. Evolution creatures do not get summoning sickness.
801.4. When only the top card of an evolution creature leaves the battle zone,
The code remains in the battle zone in a legal state. This is called rebuilding.
801.4a When rebuilding, the card immediately below an evolution creature that leaves the battle zone is alone.
If it is a card that can exist in the battle zone with , leave it in the battle zone as is.
Otherwise, put it into your graveyard.
801.4b When rebuilding, there are multiple cards under the evolution creature that left the battle zone
If so, leave the topmost card that can exist in the battle zone alone in the battle zone, and leave the others in the battle zone.
card under the . A card whose top card cannot exist in the battle zone
if put it in the graveyard. The top card can exist alone in the battle zone
Repeat this process until you have a card, leaving the new top card in the battle zone.
Masu.
801.4c A reforged card does not enter the battle zone, it is already in the battle zone.
treated as if it was in The effect triggered when entering the battle zone does not occur. Also,
If there are any effects received before the rebuild, they will be carried over after the rebuild. Also, it's a creature
Yes, and if it existed under the evolution creature from the beginning of the turn, a new summoning sickness
I will not
801.4d If rebuilding leaves a creature or tamaseed, its tapped and untapped
Aspects are no different than evolved creatures leaving the battle zone. Creech, such as field
If a card that is neither a char nor a Tamashed remains, that card is an evolutionary monster that leaves the battle zone.
Regardless of the reacher's phase, it will be in the correct position.
Example: An untapped Star Evolution creature leaves and causes a rebuild, causing the underlying D2
If the field remains in the battle zone, its D2 field remains sideways.

802. NEO Creature
802.1. A NEO creature is a normal creature that
In addition to being able to handle NEO evolution creatures by using NEO evolution ability
It is a creature that can be put out as -.
802.2. A NEO creature may use the NEO evolution ability, etc. 802.2.
while in the battle zone with a card underneath
Put Reacher into the battle zone as a NEO evolution creature.
Treat it as a "NEO Evolution Creature" while doing so.
vinegar. As a non-evolution creature while in any other zone
be treated as
Example: When you turn his 6 cards face up from the top of your deck with Evolution Blueprint,
Even if a NEO creature is involved, this is a normal
Since it is treated as a creature, it cannot be added to your hand.
Example: Move a NEO creature from the graveyard to the battle zone with an effect as a NEO evolution creature.
When you try to put it out as a NEO Evolution Creature by the ability of 《That Child, Pretty》
- goes into the battle zone tapped
802.3. A NEO creature is called a "NEO evolution creature" if it has a card underneath it.
You don't get summoning sickness because it's treated as However, in the same turn that it was issued, it is below in some way
If the card is removed, it will no longer be a "NEO Evolution Creature", so it will cause "summoning sickness".
will be unable to attack.
802.4.Even if a card is put into the battle zone without using its NEO evolution ability, somehow the card is placed below it.
If there is, it is treated as a "NEO Evolution Creature".

803. God
803.1. God means other specific gods and
A creature that can be attacked.
803.1a Gods enter the battle zone
Link Rin after entering the battle zone
Battle in a linked state instead of being linked
Get out in the zone. This is a state definition effect.
803.1b A linked god can
the name of each god that composes it as a char,
It is treated as having all the traits such as ability, civilization, etc. However, each card that makes it up
treat him as a single creature as a whole, rather than altering the individual characteristics of
Please be careful.
803.1c If a card's ability triggers when a god enters the battle zone, that god
Even if he becomes a single creature after being killed, he can still refer to the characteristics of the cards actually put into the battle zone.
illuminate.
803.1d When God enters the battle zone, replacement effects and state-defining effects other than his G-Link apply.
If so, even if that god links and he becomes a single creature, the actual battle
Refers to the characteristics of cards that enter the zone.
803.2. Appropriate G-link ability is required to link gods.
803.2a His G-link, which specifies names and locations, refers to the properties of individual cards.
Example: Linked ``Chōzetsu Kami Zen'' and ``Ultimate Kami Aku'' are linked to each other as a single god.
, but the individual card of "Chōzetsu God Zen" became "Ultimate God Aku" as a characteristic.
Linked another 《Chōzetsushin Zen》 to the right of the linked 《Chōzetsushin Zen》.
cannot be set.
803.2b G-link capability always checks if it is correct. got into an illegal state
The link will be removed immediately.
803.2c When linking gods with the Central G-Link 360 ability, even if they are next to each other,
In some cases, there may be places that are not directly linked. For example, A-B-C-D and U-shaped
When linking to , A and D are next to each other but not directly linked. not that link
When connecting gods to places, it is limited to the area that can be configured in a plane. physically occupied
New gods cannot be linked to a location.
803.3. A newly linked god has the same creature as it was already in the battle zone.
Treat it as a single creature. If the tapped god links, it will remain tapped.
, and effects that apply to that creature continue to apply after it links.
Example: If a god with a power modifier of -2000 links until the end of the turn, the linked
After that, the power-2000 correction remains.
803.3a If the right and left sides of a three-body linkable god are in different phases of tapping and untapping,
If you play the central god and he links 3 bodies, it will be tapped.
803.3b If an attacking god links, the attack continues.
803.4. Even if a godlinked creature becomes unlinked and becomes an unlinked god,
Treat that creature as if it were the same creature. suitable for that creature.
The effect used will continue to apply even after it leaves the link.
803.4a A god consisting of three or more cards leaves the battle zone and he becomes two or more gods.
Each god inherits any effects that have been applied to it. it is attacking
the attacking player chooses one of them and continues the attack.
803.5. Linked gods do not get summoning sickness.
803.5a Once a linked god is unlinked, it will become a battle zone from the beginning of the turn.
If it was on the map, it is no longer affected by summoning sickness.
803.6 If an effect causes a player to name a card, that player
You can specify any card name in the linked god, but not all.
I can't
803.7 When a God leaves the battle zone, only one of them leaves the battle zone.
This is a state-based action, not a replacement effect.

804. Psychic Creature
804.1. A psychic creature is a
Duel Master on one side like a regular card
Duel
Rather than having the back of a Masters card,
Duel Masters card faces on both sides
is a card with Each side is
It may have the ability to change sides.
804.1a Many psychic creatures
triggers the query when certain conditions are met.
It has an awakening ability that "turns over" the reacher.
vinegar.
804.1b Some psychic creatures may instead cost less when leaving the battle zone.
It has a release ability that flips it over to the dice side. This is a replacement effect.
804.1c Some psychic creatures are capable of controlling multiple psychic creatures at once.
It has an awakening link ability that flips over and links to a psychic super creature.
804.1d Each player has both sides of a psychic creature in any zone.
You can see.
804.2. Each side of a psychic creature has a separate set of characteristics.
804.3. Whenever a spell, ability, effect, or rule requires information about psychic creatures.
then it only refers to the information provided by the faces that are facing up at the time you apply it.
804.4. Psychic creatures are hyperdimensional at the start of the game.
is placed in the
804.4a Psychic creatures can be summoned by paying their mana cost.
cannot be summoned. by a spell or creature ability
You can put it into the battle zone.
804.4b If a psychic creature is in a zone other than the battle zone
When placed in the zone, it immediately returns to the hyperdimensional zone.
804.5. Even if a psychic creature is flipped over, its creature
chars are treated as the same creature. tapped state
of psychic creatures remain tapped when awakened
Yes, and effects applied to that creature are
will continue to apply.
Example: A psychic with a power modifier of -2000 until end of turn.
If the creature is flipped over, the power -2000 modifier remains after it is flipped.
Example: If an attacking psychic creature flips over, the attack continues.
804.6. Awakened psychic creatures are immune to summoning sickness.
804.6a If an awakened psychic creature is flipped over again by an effect other than awakening,
If it was in the battle zone from the beginning of the turn, it will become a new summoning sickness.
Not affected.
804.7 If an effect causes a player to name a card, that player
You can specify the card name for either side of the ikic creature, but not both.
plug.

805. Psychic Super Creature
805.1. A psychic super-creature is a creature composed of multiple psychic cells.
It is a reacher and is also treated as a psychic creature.
805.1a Psychic cells cannot exist alone in the battle zone. Psychic with some effect
When Ku-Sell comes into existence in the battle zone, it immediately returns to the hyperdimensional zone.
vinegar.
805.1b Some psychic super creatures are configured when they leave the battle zone.
It has the unlinking ability to return one psychic cell to the hyperdimensional zone and turn the rest over.
vinegar. This is not a replacement effect.
805.1c The unlink ability is a component of the psychic super creature, not the psychic super creature itself.
It also applies when a psychic cell leaving the battle zone.
805.1d Psychic cells have no cost by themselves and are treated as 0 when referring to costs.
is.
805.1e When a psychic cell leaves the battle zone, it is considered a creature to leave.
not treated as
805.1f Each psychic cell has a civilization with a psychic super creature.
I will.
805.2. A psychic super creature unlinks
to become multiple psychic creatures, those creatures
chars are treated as the same creature. tapped
state psychic super creature unlinked
, the split psychic creature remains tapped.
and the effects that were applied to its creatures
It is inherited by each psychic creature after being killed.
vinegar.
805.2a A psychic super creature consisting of three or more cards battle zone
When leaving , he becomes two or more creatures, each creature has an effect applied to it.
Inherit all fruits. If it was attacking, the attacking player
to continue attacking.
806. Drag Heart
806.1. Draghearts are like normal cards.
Duel Masters card on one side
On one side, on the other side is a Duel Masters card.
Duet on both sides, instead of having two sides
A card with a Le Masters card face
is. Another Dragheart Creature
The other side is a Dragheart Weapon or a Dragha
fortress, fortress, or both.
I will. Each face changes from one face to the other.
may have the ability to
806.1a A dragheart creature can be a dragheart weapon or a dragheart fort.
You can open the dragon from the less and become a table. At this time, the phase does not change.
806.1b Some Dragheart creatures instead cost
It has a dragon evasion ability that flips it over to the smaller side. This is a replacement effect.
806.1c Each player can see both sides of the Dragheart in any zone.
to come.
806.2. Each aspect of the Dragheart has its own set of characteristics.
806.3. If a spell, ability, effect, or rule requires Dragheart information, it
It only refers to the information provided by the facing faces at the time it is applied.
806.4. Draghearts are placed in the hyperdimensional zone at the beginning of the game.
806.4a Draghearts cannot be used for their mana cost. Creature Ability
It is possible to put it into the battle zone by force.
806.4b When Dragheart is placed in a zone other than the battle zone, it is immediately returned to the hyperdimensional zone.
I will.
806.5. Dragheart creatures get summoning sickness.
806.5a Dragheart creatures must be in the battle zone from the beginning of the turn.
cannot attack. However, it does not matter which side is face up at the beginning of the turn.
Exists in the battle zone in the state of Dragheart Weapon at the beginning of the turn, and then Ryukaisure
If so, that Dragheart creature is considered to have been in the battle zone since the turn began.
To do.
806.6 If any effect causes a player to name a card, that player
You can specify the card name for either side of Ragheart, but not both.

807. Forbidden Heartbeat
807.1. Forbidden Heartbeat is a Duel Masters card that has two sides instead of two sides.
It is a card with the surface of the card of Jewel Masters. The other side of the forbidden heartbeat is the forbidden clitoris
It's a charter. Forbidden Heartbeat has the ability to turn into the face of a forbidden creature.
807.1a Forbidden Heartbeats can be flipped inside out with Forbidden Release.
807.1b Each player can see both sides of Forbidden Heart in any zone.
Masu.
807.3. If a spell, ability, effect, or rule requires forbidden information, it
, it only refers to information provided by faces that are facing up at the time you apply it. that is
As long as it's in a zone other than the battle zone, it doesn't matter which side it's on.
807.4. Forbidden Heartbeats are placed in the designated zone at the beginning of the game.
807.5 If any effect causes a player to name a card one of his, that player is forbidden.
You can specify the card name for either side of the cut, but not both.
808. Twinpact
808.1 The Twinpact Card is a card that allows him to include two card types in one card.
New card type wrapped. Two different costs, cardta
type, but when referring to those characteristics as cards
must always refer to the correct information.
808.2 Twinpact is a characteristic that a card has.
808.3. When referred to as a card, any legal card type may be used.
The owner of the twin impact card can choose which one.
  808.3a When referring to a specific card type, only that part of the information
Browse.
808.4. When referring to the name of a Twinpact card, the two parts are
Treated as a card with a combined name. Exist as a creature in the battle zone
When referring to the card name of a Twinpact card with it, only refer to the creature side.

809. GR Creature
809.1. A GR creature is a Duel Masters card on one side.
, and the other side has a back side unique to the GR creature card.
809.2. GR creatures are placed in the Super GR zone at the beginning of the game.
809.2a GR creatures cannot be summoned by paying their mana cost.
I can't In the battle zone by the ability of spells, creatures, and auras
It is possible to put it out.
809.2b When a GR creature is placed in a zone other than the battle zone,
and immediately return to the super-GR zone.

810. Zero Dragon Ceremony, Zero Dragon Nebula
810.1. Reiryu no Gi and Reiryu Nebula do not have the back side of the Duel Masters card, but have both sides.
It is a card with the surface of the card of Duel Masters. One side is Reiryu no Gi and Reiryu Nebula, and the other is
The other side is the composition card of the Zero Dragon creature. Reiryu-no-Gi is Reiryu-no-Gi and Reiryu-Nebula in Reiryu-Creech
It has the ability to turn into the face of a char.
810.1a Reiryu no Gi and Reiryu Nebula can be flipped over with Reiryu Manjitan.
810.1b Each player can see both sides of Reiryu no Gi and Reiryu Nebula in any zone.
You can
810.2. If a spell, ability, effect, or rule requires Reiryu's information, it is in the battle zone.
, it only refers to information provided by faces that are facing up at the time it is applied. that's him bat
Any zone other than the luzone can be treated as the surface.
810.3. Reiryu no Gi and Reiryu Nebula are placed in the designated zone at the beginning of the game.
810.4 If a player names a card by any effect, that player
You can specify the card name for either side, but not both.
810.4a. Reiryu no Gi has a card name, but Reiryu Nebula does not.

811. Star Evolution Creature
811.1. A star evolution creature is one that when it leaves the battle zone, only the top card is replaced instead.
It's an evolution creature that leaves.
811.1a The "when leaving" effect on Star Evolution creatures is a replacement effect. battle zone
When leaving, if you apply another replacement effect first, or leave the battle zone due to another replacement effect
In this case, the effect of "when leaving" cannot be applied.
811.1b Forbidden star evolution creatures are stars that can be put into the battle zone without requiring an evolution source.
Evolution creature. Like Star Evolution creatures, when leaving the battle zone,
Only the top card is released.

812. King Cell
812.1. A King Cell is a card that cannot be used by itself. key with specified card name
Can only be used as a melded card if Ng Cell is in your hand or mana zone.
812.1a A King Cell has no cost and race by itself, and counts as 0 when referring to costs.
handle.
812.1b Each King Cell has a civilization of the mana symbol's color. in a coalesced state
Also, when a single card is referenced, it is treated as having only that civilization.
812.1c If King Cell is used as a melded card, the
You have to pay the mana cost. At this time, if part of King Cell is in the mana zone,
You can tap the pending card to pay its mana cost and civilization. king cell
will combine after paying the cost.
Example: If you combine and summon "Volzeos-Balamord", pay 9 mana including mana from 5 civilizations.
must be
Example: 《New World King's Authority》 in your hand and 《New World King's Thought》 《New World》 in your mana zone
When summoning Volzeos-Balamord by combining King's Fighting Spirit, the Mana Zone's New World King's Thought
You can also pay the mana cost from Imagination and New World King's Fighting Spirit.
812.1d If some of the king cells that make up a creature leave the battle zone, the rest
of King Cells cannot be in the battle zone and are immediately put into the graveyard.
812.1e When a King Cell leaves the battle zone, it counts as a creature leaving.
I don't handle it. However, the replacement effect applied when the creature leaves is that King Cell
It also applies when you leave Luzone.

813. S-MAX Evolution Creature
813.1. S-MAX evolution creatures are evolution creatures that can be put into the battle zone without requiring an evolution source.
-
813.1a S-MAX evolution creatures are limited to one per player, and he can only exist in the battle zone.
plug. If a player has 2 or more of her S-MAX evolution creatures in the battle zone,
Keep one of them and return all the rest to your hand. This is a static ability.